UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark One) Commission file number 1-2191 BROWN SHOE COMPANY, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (314) 854-4000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  Yes R    No £ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  Yes £    No R Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes R    No £ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes  £     No £ Indicate by checkmark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  R Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes £    No R The aggregate market value of the stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of July 31, 2009, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately $332.2 million. As of March 19, 2010, 43,420,055 common shares were outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference Portions of the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 27, 2010, are incorporated by reference into Part III.   Brown Shoe Company, Inc., founded in 1878 and incorporated in 1913, operates in the footwear industry. Current activities include the operation of retail shoe stores and e-commerce websites as well as the sourcing and marketing of footwear for women, men and children. Our business is seasonal in nature due to consumer spending patterns, with higher back-to-school and Christmas and Easter holiday season sales. Traditionally, the third fiscal quarter accounts for a substantial portion of our earnings for the year. We had approximately 12,100 full-time and part-time employees as of January 30, 2010. In the United States, there are no employees employed subject to union contracts.  In Canada, we employ approximately 20 warehousing employees under a union contract, which expires in October 2010. Unless the context otherwise requires, “we,” “us,” “our,” “the Company” or “Brown Shoe” refers to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Our retail operations at January 30, 2010, included 1,411 retail shoe stores in the United States, Canada, China and Guam. The number of our retail footwear stores at the end of each of the last three fiscal years was as follows: With many organizations operating retail shoe stores and departments, we compete in a highly fragmented market. Competitors include local, regional and national shoe store chains, department stores, discount stores, mass merchandisers, numerous independent retail operators of various sizes and internet retailers. Quality of products and services, store location, trend-right merchandise selection and availability of brands, pricing, advertising and customer service are all factors that impact retail competition. Famous Footwear Famous Footwear, with 1,129 stores at the end of 2009 and net sales of $1.364 billion in 2009, is America’s leading family branded footwear retailer selling value-priced footwear for the entire family, based on the number of stores it operates and sales volume compiled by the Company from published information of its direct competitors. Its target customers are women who buy brand-name fashionable shoes at value prices for themselves and their families. In addition to our retail footwear stores, we operate a FamousFootwear.com website as a Famous Footwear internet retailing store. Famous Footwear sells various Company-owned and licensed products. Such products are sold to Famous Footwear by our Wholesale Operations segment at a profit and represent approximately 16% of Famous Footwear net sales of footwear. Famous Footwear stores are located in strip shopping centers, as well as outlet and regional malls in all 50 states and Guam. The breakdown by venue is as follows at the end of each of the last three fiscal years: Sales per square foot were $167 in 2009, which was down from $168 in 2008. Same-store sales improved 0.5% during 2009, with an improving trend experienced in the second half of the year. Same-store sales changes are calculated by comparing the sales in stores that have been open at least 13 months. Specialty Retail Our Specialty Retail segment, composed of 282 stores as of January 30, 2010, includes the following retail concepts and our Shoes.com and other e-commerce businesses, with the exception of FamousFootwear.com, which is included in Famous Footwear. Our concept stores represent marketing brand showcases. The Naturalizer retail stores are complementary to and a showcase for our Naturalizer brand of women’s shoes. These stores are designed and merchandised to appeal to the Naturalizer customer, who is style and comfort-conscious and who seeks quality and value in her footwear selections. The Naturalizer stores offer a selection of women’s footwear styles, including casual, dress, sandals and boots, primarily under the Naturalizer brand. Retail price points typically range from $59 for shoes to $169 for boots. E-Commerce / Direct-To-Consumer We own Shoes.com, Inc., a pure play internet retailing company. Shoes.com offers a diverse selection of footwear and accessories to women, men and children that includes footwear purchased from outside suppliers, Company-branded and licensed footwear and certain merchandise sold in Famous Footwear stores. In connection with our multi-channel approach to reach consumers, we also operate FamousFootwear.com, Naturalizer.com, and Naturalizer.ca, which offer substantially the same product selection to consumers as sold in their respective retail stores. Additional websites such as ShoeSteal.com, ViaSpiga.com, FrancoSarto.com, DrSchollsShoes.com, LifeStride.com, CarlosShoes.com and SkateStyles.com function as retail outlets for the online consumer and serve as additional brand-building vehicles for the Company. References to our website addresses do not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on the websites, and the information contained on the websites is not part of this report. Other Store Concepts Our Specialty Retail segment also includes other store concepts that sell other premium brands. These include retail stores operated under the Brown Shoe Closet, F.X. LaSalle and Via Spiga names. At the end of 2009, we operated 16 Brown Shoe Closet retail stores located in United States outlet malls, averaging 2,200 square feet. These multi-branded outlet stores carry Brown Shoe brands, including Etienne Aigner, Franco Sarto, Original Dr. Scholl’s, Carlos by Carlos Santana, and Nickels, with price points typically ranging from $49 to $89 for shoes and up to $179 for boots. We currently plan to close one store in 2010. At the end of 2009, we operated 13 F.X. LaSalle retail stores, primarily in the Montreal, Canada, market, that sell better-grade women’s and men’s branded and private-label footwear. This footwear, partially imported from Italy, retails at Canadian dollar price points typically ranging from $110 to $250 per pair. These stores average approximately 2,200 square feet. We plan to close one F.X. LaSalle store in 2010. At the end of 2009, we operated one Via Spiga concept store in Manhattan’s Soho neighborhood in New York City, New York. The store sells primarily Via Spiga product, including women’s footwear and accessories and men’s footwear with footwear price points typically ranging from $175 for shoes to $425 for boots. Portfolio of Brands Our Wholesale Operations segment offers retailers a portfolio of leading fashion brands, each targeted to a specific customer segment within the marketplace. Our brands are differentiated by style point of view, design level, material costs and quality, consumer-focused marketing and price points. Products sold under license agreements accounted for Wholesale Operations’ sales of approximately 48% in 2009, 49% in 2008 and 45% in 2007. Brands and Licensed Products The following is a listing of our brands and licensed products: As denoted, these brands are used with permission from and, in most cases, are registered trademarks of: All other brands are owned by and, in most cases, are registered trademarks of Brown Shoe Company, Inc. or its consolidated subsidiaries.   Brown Shoe Sourcing Operations We have sourcing offices in China, Hong Kong, Macau and Italy and through an agent partnership in Brazil and the Dominican Republic. Our structure enables us to source footwear at various price levels from significant shoe manufacturing regions of the world. In 2009, 98% of the footwear we sourced was from manufacturing facilities in China. The following table provides an overview of our foreign sourcing in 2009: We monitor the quality of the components of all of our footwear prior to production and inspect prototypes of every footwear style. We also perform random in-line quality control checks during production and before footwear leaves the manufacturing facility. In our Dongguan, China, and our Putien, China, offices, we operate a total of four sample making facilities with unique and diverse capabilities, including footwear for women, men and children, providing speed, control and execution in product development. We maintain design teams for our brands in Saint Louis, Missouri, and China as well as select fashion locations, including New York and Italy. These teams, which include independent designers, are responsible for the creation and development of new product styles. Our designers monitor trends in apparel and footwear fashion and work closely with retailers to identify consumer footwear preferences. Our design teams create collections of footwear and work closely with our product development and sourcing offices to translate our designs into new footwear styles. The following is a list of the names and ages of the executive officers of the Company and of the offices held by each person. There is no family relationship between any of the named persons. The terms of the following executive officers will expire in May 2010. The period of service of each officer in the positions listed and other business experience are set forth below. Ronald A. Fromm, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since January 2004. Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company from January 1999 to December 2003. President of the Company’s branded division from April 1998 to January 1999. Executive Vice President, Famous Footwear from September 1992 to March 1998. Diane M. Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer since March 2006. President from January 2004 to March 2006. Vice Chairman of the Footwear Group of Phillips-Van Heusen from September 2001 to December 2003. Series of management positions with Stride Rite Corporation from April 1995 to September 2001, most recently as President and Chief Operating Officer. Richard M. Ausick, Division President – Famous Footwear since January 2010. Division President, Brown Shoe Wholesale from July 2006 to January 2010. Senior Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer of Famous Footwear from January 2002 to July 2006. Senior Vice President and General Merchandise Manager for Shopko Stores from 1989 to 2002. Mark D. Lardie, Division President – Wholesale since January 2010. Senior Vice President, General Merchandise Manager at Famous Footwear from June 2006 to January 2010. Vice President, General Merchandise Manager at Famous Footwear from January 2005 to June 2006. Daniel R. Friedman, Division President – Wholesale, Product and Sourcing since January 2010. Senior Vice President, Product Development and Sourcing from July 2006 to January 2010. Managing Director at Camuto Group, Inc. from 2002 to July 2006. Douglas W. Koch, Senior Vice President and Chief Talent Officer since May 2005. Senior Vice President, Human Resources from March 2002 to May 2005. Senior Vice President, Human Resources at Famous Footwear from October 2000 to March 2002. Mark E. Hood, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since November 2006. Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Panera Bread Company from April 2003 to May 2006. Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration of Panera Bread Company from August 2002 to April 2003. Chief Financial Officer of U.S. Loyalty Corporation from August 2000 to April 2002. Joseph Caro, Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer since November 2007. Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of the CitiFinancial International division of Citigroup, Inc. from December 2005 to July 2007. Vice President – Internet Technology Solutions for MasterCard Incorporated from February 2000 to December 2005. Michael I. Oberlander, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since March 2006. Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary from July 2001 to March 2006. Vice President and General Counsel from September 2000 to July 2001. Attorney, Bryan Cave LLP from 1993 to September 2000. Economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products, reduce access to credit and cause our customers and others with which we do business to suffer financial hardship, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We face risks relating to competition. We face risks related to the maintenance of proper inventory levels. We face risks relating to changes in consumer preferences. We rely on foreign sources of production. We rely almost entirely on foreign sourcing for our footwear products. We source footwear products from independent third-party manufacturing facilities located in China and, to a much lesser extent, Brazil and other countries. At times, we are a major customer of these third-party manufacturing facilities. However, there is substantial competition in the footwear industry for quality footwear manufacturers. Accordingly, our future results will partly depend on maintaining close working relationships with our principal manufacturers. We cannot predict whether additional United States or foreign customs quotas, duties, taxes or other changes or restrictions will be imposed upon the importation of foreign produced products in the future or what effect such actions could have on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, our products depend on the availability of leather and other raw materials. Any significant shortage of quantities or increases in the cost of leather or other materials or resources used to produce our products could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Although we purchase most products from foreign manufacturers in United States dollars and otherwise engage in foreign currency hedging transactions, we cannot ensure that we will not experience cost variations with respect to exchange rate changes. For example, although we purchase footwear made in China using United States dollars, recently Chinese manufacturers have been increasing their United States dollar prices to compensate for the appreciation of the Chinese currency against the United States dollar. We face risks relating to customer concentration. We are dependent on our information technology systems. We may fail to protect the integrity and security of customer and associate information. We routinely possess sensitive customer and associate information and, while we have taken reasonable and appropriate steps to protect that information, if our security procedures and controls were compromised, it could harm our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition and may increase the costs we incur to protect against such information security breaches, such as increased investment in technology, the costs of compliance with consumer protection laws and costs resulting from consumer fraud.   We may be unable to retain senior management and to recruit and retain other key associates. We face risks relating to our licensed and owned intellectual property. Many of our license agreements require minimum royalty payments. Our ability to generate sufficient sales and profitability to cover these minimum royalty requirements is not guaranteed, and if sales of such products are not sufficient to generate these minimum payments, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We are dependent on leased locations. We are dependent on major branded suppliers. We face risks that our quarterly sales and earnings may fluctuate, which may result in volatility in our stock price. We could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws, policies and treaties. We may face transitional challenges with acquisitions and/or joint ventures. We are subject to periodic litigation and other regulatory proceedings. We are subject to rising insurance costs. We own our principal executive, sales and administrative offices located in Clayton (“St. Louis”), Missouri. Our Canada wholesale division operates from an owned building in Perth, Ontario, and from leased office space in Laval, Quebec. Our Wholesale Operations division also utilizes leased office space in New York, New York, where we also maintain a showroom for our wholesale brands. For most of 2009, the footwear sold through our domestic wholesale divisions was processed through one of four main distribution centers, two Company-owned distribution centers in Sikeston, Missouri, and Fredericktown, Missouri, which have 720,000 and 465,000 square feet, including mezzanine levels, respectively, one leased facility in Sikeston, Missouri, which has 110,000 square feet, and one third-party facility in Chino, California. In January 2010, we ceased operations at the Fredericktown distribution center and donated the site to the City of Fredericktown, Missouri. We lease office space in China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and Italy and four sample-making facilities in Dongguan, China, and Putien, China. We own a vacant manufacturing facility in Stirling, Ontario, a vacant office building in Perth, Ontario, a building in Denver, Colorado, which is leased to a third-party, and undeveloped land in Colorado and New York. See Item 3, Legal Proceedings, for further discussion of certain of these properties. We are involved in legal proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the outcome of such ordinary course business proceedings and litigation currently pending will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. We are involved in environmental remediation and ongoing compliance activities at several sites. We are remediating, under the oversight of Colorado authorities, contamination at and beneath our owned facility in Colorado (also known as the “Redfield” site) and groundwater and indoor air in residential neighborhoods adjacent to and near the property, which have been affected by solvents previously used at the site and surrounding facilities. See Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the Redfield matter. While we currently do not operate manufacturing facilities, prior operations included numerous manufacturing and other facilities for which we may have responsibility under various environmental laws to address conditions that may be identified in the future. Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) and the Chicago Stock Exchange under the trading symbol “BWS.” As of January 30, 2010, we had approximately 3,800 shareholders of record. The following table sets forth for each fiscal quarter during 2009 and 2008 the high and low sales prices per share of our common stock as reported on the NYSE and the dividends paid per share. Restrictions on the Payment of Dividends Our revolving credit agreement and Senior Notes limit the amount of dividends that can be declared and paid. However, we do not believe this limitation materially restricts the Board of Directors’ ability to declare or our ability to pay regular quarterly dividends to our common stockholders. In addition to this limitation, the declaration and payment of dividends and the amount of dividends will depend on our results of operations, financial conditions, future prospects and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following table represents issuer purchases of equity securities. Stock Performance Graph The selected financial data set forth below should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and the other information contained elsewhere in this report. All data presented reflects the fiscal year ended on the Saturday nearest to January 31. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation. These reclassifications did not affect net earnings (loss) attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. See Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for additional information related to the selected financial data above. Business Overview We are a footwear company with both retail and wholesale operations and have annual net sales of over $2.2 billion. We are a fashion footwear marketer, offering the consumer a powerful portfolio of great footwear stores and global footwear brands. As both a retailer and a wholesaler, we have a perspective on the marketplace that enables us to serve consumers from different vantage points. We believe our diversified business model provides us with synergies by spanning consumer segments, categories and distribution channels. Our goal is to be the leading footwear marketer, while winning loyal customers with compelling global brands. We are a consumer-driven enterprise. To successfully provide consumers with the product they want, we leverage our partnerships with our customers and suppliers. We also believe that a combination of talent acquisition, thoughtful planning and rigorous execution are keys to our success in optimizing our business and brand portfolio. The footwear industry is subject to changing consumer demands and fashion trends, and our success depends in large part on our ability to anticipate, understand and react to these changing consumer demands. The success of our retail stores is also driven by the relative strength of consumer spending, primarily in the United States. The level of consumers’ disposable income impacts consumer preferences and purchasing patterns. Another long-term success factor for our retail business is locating our stores in locations desirable to our target consumer. Our major brands, both owned and licensed, include Naturalizer, Dr. Scholl’s, Franco Sarto, Sam Edelman, LifeStride, Buster Brown, Etienne Aigner, Carlos by Carlos Santana, Via Spiga, Fergie/Fergalicious by Fergie, Nickels Soft and Vera Wang Lavender. Our wholesale business model focuses on maximizing the sell-through of our product to the final consumer rather than maximizing sell-ins to our retail customers. This business model focuses on a continuous flow of smaller quantities of new goods versus large preseason sell-ins, thereby minimizing markdowns and allowances. We have seen success with this consumer-driven approach and believe it has improved the performance of many of our brands and believe additional opportunities exist to capitalize on this business model. Financial Highlights The following is a summary of the financial highlights for 2009: There were several items that impacted our 2009 and 2008 operating results that should be considered in evaluating the comparability of our results. These items include: Following is a summary of our operating results in 2009 by segment. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our business segments and financial information by geographic area. Recent Developments Information Technology Initiatives Organizational Changes During November 2009, we made a series of changes within our leadership team as two executives announced plans to retire in early to mid-2010. They will both remain with Brown Shoe until early to mid-2010 to facilitate an orderly succession of their responsibilities to other leaders at Brown Shoe. During 2009, we incurred charges of $4.6 million ($2.8 million on an after-tax basis, or $0.07 per diluted share), related to their retirement. Headquarters Consolidation Outlook for 2010 Following are the consolidated results and the results by segment for 2009, 2008 and 2007: Net Sales Gross Profit We classify warehousing, distribution, sourcing and other inventory procurement costs in selling and administrative expenses. Accordingly, our gross profit and selling and administrative expenses rates, as a percent of net sales, may not be comparable to other companies. Selling and Administrative Expenses Selling and administrative expenses increased $7.9 million, or 0.9%, to $859.7 million in 2009 compared to $851.8 million last year and increased $24.4 million, or 3.0%, compared to $827.4 million in 2007. Selling and administrative expenses increased $24.4 million in 2008 compared to 2007 as a result of higher retail facilities costs due to higher store counts in our retail segments, partially offset by lower share-based compensation expense of $5.8 million and lower legal fees. As a percent of net sales, selling and administrative expenses increased to 37.4% in 2008 from 35.1% in 2007. This increase is due to the impact of the factors listed above and the de-leveraging of the expense base over lower net sales volume. Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets We incurred charges related to the impairment of our goodwill and intangible assets of $149.2 million last year as a result of the deterioration of general economic conditions, industry trends and the resulting decline in our share price and market capitalization, with no corresponding charges in 2009 or 2007. See Note 1 and Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to impairment of goodwill and intangible assets. Restructuring and Other Special Charges, Net Restructuring and other special charges, net decreased $42.4 million to $11.9 million during 2009, compared to $54.3 million last year as a result of several factors, as follows (see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to these charges and recoveries): As a percent of net sales, restructuring and other special charges, net decreased to 0.5% in 2009, from 2.4% last year, reflecting the above-named factors. Restructuring and other special charges, net increased $35.3 million to $54.3 million during 2008 compared to $19.0 million in 2007 as a result of several factors, as follows: As a percent of net sales, restructuring and other special charges, net increased to 2.4% in 2008, from 0.8% in 2007, reflecting the above-named factors and the de-leveraging of our expense base over lower net sales volume. Equity in Net Loss of Nonconsolidated Affiliate Operating Earnings (Loss) We reported operating earnings of $31.5 million in 2009 compared to an operating loss of $173.3 million last year due primarily to the nonrecurrence of the charge for impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, a decline in restructuring and other special charges, net and an increase in gross profit rate, partially offset by a decline in net sales and an increase in our selling and administrative expenses as discussed above. We reported an operating loss of $173.3 million in 2008 compared to operating earnings of $96.6 million in 2007 due to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, an increase in restructuring and other special charges, net and an increase in selling and administrative expenses as well as a decline in net sales and gross profit rate as discussed above. Interest Expense Interest expense increased $3.1 million to $20.2 million in 2009 compared to $17.1 million last year and increased $0.9 million compared to $16.2 million in 2007. The increase in interest expense in 2009 primarily reflected higher average borrowings under our revolving credit agreement and higher amortization of debt issuance costs, partially offset by lower rates on our borrowings under our revolving credit agreement. The increase in interest expense in 2008 primarily reflected higher average borrowings under our revolving credit agreement, partially offset by lower rates on our borrowings under our revolving credit agreement. Income Tax (Provision) Benefit Our consolidated effective tax rate was a provision of 10.8% in 2009 compared to a benefit of 28.5% in 2008 and a provision of 28.0% in 2007. Our consolidated effective tax rate is generally below the federal statutory rate of 35% because our foreign earnings are subject to lower statutory tax rates. In 2009, we incurred a pretax loss in our domestic operations, which are generally subject to a normal combined tax rate of 35% to 39%. However, we recorded pretax earnings in foreign jurisdictions, which generally have very low tax rates. This combination of a domestic loss and foreign earnings resulted in an overall effective tax provision rate of 10.8% in 2009. In 2008, we also incurred a pretax loss in our domestic operations and pretax earnings in foreign jurisdictions. The combination of a domestic loss and foreign earnings, the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, some of which is not deductible for tax purposes, and the recognition of certain state tax incentives, resulted in an overall effective tax benefit rate of 28.5% in 2008. We recognized $1.6 million, net of $0.9 million federal tax impact, of income for state tax incentives related to our headquarters consolidation initiatives during 2008, with no corresponding income during 2007. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our tax rates. Net Earnings (Loss) Attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. We reported net earnings attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. of $9.5 million in 2009, compared to a net loss attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. of $133.2 million last year as a result of the reasons noted above. We reported a net loss attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. of $133.2 million in 2008, compared to net earnings attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. of $60.4 million in 2007 due to the reasons noted above. Geographic Results The pretax profitability on foreign sales is higher than on domestic sales because of a lower cost structure and the inclusion in domestic earnings of the unallocated corporate administrative and other costs. We incurred domestic losses before income taxes in 2009 primarily as a result of the weak consumer environment that existed during the majority of 2009 and the impact of higher selling and administrative expenses and higher interest expense. We began to experience positive business trends in the second half of 2009 as the consumer spending patterns began to improve. We incurred domestic losses before income taxes in 2008 as a result of the weak consumer environment and the impact of higher domestic costs in 2008 primarily related to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets and higher restructuring and other special charges, net. In 2007, both domestic and foreign earnings were higher than 2008 or 2009, representing the more favorable business climate that existed during 2007. Net Sales Net sales increased $6.8 million, or 0.5%, to $1.320 billion in 2008 compared to $1.313 billion in 2007. During 2008, net new stores provided $67.1 million in net sales, but declines in customer traffic and lower conversion rates led to a same-store sales decline of 4.7%, or $60.3 million. As a result of the same-store sales decline and lower sales per square foot in our newer stores compared to our mature stores, sales per square foot decreased 7.0% to $168 in 2008 compared to $180 in 2007. Same-store sales changes are calculated by comparing the sales in stores that have been open at least 13 months. This method avoids the distorting effect that grand opening sales have in the first month of operation. Relocated stores are treated as new stores, and closed stores are excluded from the calculation. Sales change from new and closed stores, net, reflects the change in net sales due to stores that have been opened or closed during the period and are thereby excluded from the same-store sales calculation. Gross Profit Gross profit increased $21.3 million, or 3.7%, to $592.9 million in 2009 compared to $571.6 million last year due to the increase in net sales and the slight improvement in gross profit rate. As a percent of net sales, our gross profit increased to 43.5% in 2009 compared to 43.3% last year. The slight increase in our gross profit rate was driven by strong sales of higher-margin categories, including boots and toning products, lower markdowns, partially offset by increased promotional activity during 2009. Gross profit decreased $13.8 million, or 2.4%, to $571.6 million in 2008 compared to $585.4 million in 2007. The decrease was due to a decline in gross profit rate, primarily as a result of increased promotional activity and higher markdowns as we sought to manage inventory and maintain market share during the year. As a percent of net sales, our gross profit decreased to 43.3% in 2008 compared to 44.6% in 2007. Selling and Administrative Expenses Selling and administrative expenses increased $36.0 million, or 7.2%, to $537.3 million during 2008 compared to $501.3 million in 2007. The increase was primarily attributable to the higher store count and higher net sales, resulting in higher retail facilities and selling costs as well as higher marketing costs. As a percent of net sales, selling and administrative expenses increased to 40.7% in 2008 from 38.2% in 2007, reflecting the higher costs noted above. Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets We incurred charges related to the impairment of our goodwill of $3.5 million last year as a result of the deterioration of general economic conditions, industry trends and the resulting decline in our share price and market capitalization, with no corresponding charges in 2009 or 2007. See Note 1 and Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to impairment of goodwill and intangible assets. Restructuring and Other Special Charges, Net We incurred costs related to our expense and capital containment initiatives of $3.8 million last year, with no corresponding charges in 2009 or 2007. As a percent of net sales, restructuring and other special charges, net were 0.3% last year. Operating Earnings Operating earnings decreased $57.1 million, or 68.0%, to $27.0 million for 2008 compared to $84.1 million in 2007. The decline was driven by the increase in selling and administrative expenses, restructuring and other special charges, net and impairment of goodwill as well as a decrease in the gross profit rate, as described above. As a percent of net sales, operating earnings declined to 2.0% in 2008 compared to 6.4% in 2007. Net Sales Gross Profit Gross profit decreased $0.1 million, or 0.1%, to $205.8 million in 2009 compared to $205.9 million last year due to a decline in net sales partially offset by a higher gross profit rate. As a percent of net sales, our gross profit increased to 32.6% in 2009, from 29.3% last year. The increase in gross profit rate was due primarily to an increased mix of higher-margin branded sales, an increase in our wholesale brands being sold through our retail channels and lower provisions for customer allowances. In addition, the higher-margin boot category performed comparatively better in 2009. Selling and Administrative Expenses Selling and administrative expenses increased $2.2 million, or 1.4%, to $170.3 million during 2008 compared to $168.1 million in 2007, due primarily to higher marketing costs. As a percent of net sales, selling and administrative expenses increased to 24.2% in 2008 from 21.5% in 2007, reflecting the above-named factors and the de-leveraging of our expense base over lower net sales volume. Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets We incurred charges related to the impairment of our goodwill and intangible assets of $129.1 million last year as a result of the deterioration of general economic conditions, industry trends and the resulting decline in our share price and market capitalization, with no corresponding charges in 2009 or 2007. See Note 1 and Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to impairment of goodwill and intangible assets. Restructuring and Other Special Charges, Net Restructuring and other special charges, net decreased $14.1 million to $0.3 million in 2009 compared to $14.4 million last year. The decrease was attributable to expense and capital containment initiative costs of $14.4 million incurred in 2008, with no corresponding charges in 2009. Expenses incurred during 2009 related to our information technology initiatives of $0.3 million partially offset the decline. As a percent of net sales, restructuring and other special charges, net decreased to 0.1% in 2009 from 2.1% last year. Equity in Net Loss of Nonconsolidated Affiliate Operating Earnings (Loss) Wholesale Operations reported operating earnings of $41.1 million in 2009 compared to an operating loss of $108.1 million last year, reflecting primarily a decline in impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, restructuring and other special charges, net and selling and administrative expenses as described above. Wholesale Operations reported an operating loss of $108.1 million in 2008 compared to operating earnings of $67.5 million in 2007, reflecting an increase in impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, restructuring and other special charges, net and selling and administrative expenses as well as lower net sales and gross profit rate as described above. Net Sales Gross Profit Gross profit decreased $0.3 million, or 0.3%, to $104.4 million in 2009 compared to $104.7 million last year, reflecting lower net sales, partially offset by an increase in gross profit rate. As a percent of net sales, our gross profit increased to 42.4% in 2009, from 41.5% last year, driven by lower freight expenses and lower markdowns at Shoes.com. As a percent of net sales, gross profit in our retail stores declined during 2009. Gross profit decreased $13.1 million, or 11.1%, to $104.7 million in 2008 compared to $117.8 million in 2007, reflecting lower net sales and gross profit rate. As a percent of net sales, our gross profit decreased to 41.5% in 2008 from 44.7% in 2007. Increased promotional activity and higher markdowns in our retail stores resulted in a decrease in our overall gross profit rate. Selling and Administrative Expenses Selling and administrative expenses increased $0.6 million, or 0.5%, to $118.6 million during 2009 compared to $118.0 million last year. The increase reflects higher general and administrative and retail facility expenses, partially offset by a decline in marketing expenses. As a percent of net sales, selling and administrative expenses increased to 48.2% in 2008 compared to 46.8% last year primarily as a result of the decline in net sales. Selling and administrative expenses decreased $4.2 million, or 3.3%, to $118.0 million during 2008 compared to $122.2 million in 2007. This decline reflects a reduction in marketing costs and a decrease in selling costs due to lower net sales. An increase in retail facility costs resulting from the higher store count and higher store preopening costs partially offset these declines. As a percent of net sales, selling and administrative expenses increased to 46.8% in 2008 compared to 46.4% in 2007 as a result of the decline in net sales. Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets We incurred charges related to the impairment of our goodwill of $16.6 million last year as a result of the deterioration of general economic conditions, industry trends and the resulting decline in our share price and market capitalization, with no corresponding charges in 2009 or 2007. See Note 1 and Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to impairment of goodwill and intangible assets. Restructuring and Other Special Charges, Net We incurred costs related to our expense and capital containment initiatives of $0.6 million last year, with no corresponding charges in 2009. As a percent of net sales, restructuring and other special charges, net were 0.2% last year. Restructuring and other special charges, net decreased $3.2 million to $0.6 million in 2008 compared to $3.8 million in 2007. The decrease was attributable to the nonrecurrence of costs related to our Earnings Enhancement Plan of $3.8 million incurred in 2007, partially offset by expense and capital containment initiative costs of $0.6 million in 2008. As a percent of net sales, restructuring and other special charges, net decreased to 0.2% in 2008, from 1.4% in 2007, reflecting the above-named factors. Operating Loss Specialty Retail reported an operating loss of $14.2 million in 2009 compared to an operating loss of $30.5 million last year, due primarily to the nonrecurrence of $16.6 million in charges related to the impairment of goodwill experienced last year. Specialty Retail reported an operating loss of $30.5 million in 2008 compared to an operating loss of $8.2 million in 2007, due primarily to an increase in impairment of goodwill as well as a decline in net sales and gross profit rate as described above. The Other segment includes unallocated corporate administrative and other costs and recoveries. The segment reported costs of $40.0 million, $61.7 million and $46.9 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. There were several factors impacting the $21.7 million decrease in costs from 2008 to 2009, as follows: There were several factors impacting the $14.8 million increase in costs from 2007 to 2008, as follows: During 2009, we recorded restructuring and other special charges, net of $11.9 million, including $9.2 million in expenses related to our information technology initiatives, $4.6 million in expenses related to the retirement of two executive officers, partially offset by $1.9 million of income related to our headquarters consolidation. See the Recent Developments section and Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to these charges and recoveries. During 2008, we recorded restructuring and other special charges, net of $54.3 million, including $30.9 million in charges related to our expense and capital containment initiatives, $29.8 million in charges associated with our headquarters consolidation and $3.7 million in expenses related to our information technology initiatives, partially offset by $10.2 million of income related to insurance recoveries, net of associated fees and costs. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to these charges and recoveries. During 2007, we recorded restructuring and other special charges, net of $19.0 million related to our Earnings Enhancement Plan. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to these charges. Credit Agreement Interest on borrowings is at variable rates based on the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) or the prime rate, as defined in the Credit Agreement. The interest rate and fees for letters of credit varies based upon the level of excess availability under the Credit Agreement. There is an unused line fee payable on the excess availability under the facility and a letter of credit fee payable on the outstanding exposure under letters of credit. At January 30, 2010, we had $94.5 million in borrowings outstanding and $8.9 million in letters of credit outstanding under the Credit Agreement. Total additional borrowing availability was $276.6 million at January 30, 2010. We believe that borrowing capacity under our Credit Agreement will be adequate to meet our expected operational needs, capital expenditure plans and provide liquidity for potential acquisitions. Senior Notes The Senior Notes also contain certain other covenants and restrictions which limit certain activities including, among other things, levels of indebtedness, payments of dividends, the guarantee or pledge of our assets, certain investments, common stock repurchases, mergers and acquisitions and sales of assets. As of January 30, 2010, we were in compliance with all covenants relating to the Senior Notes. Working Capital and Cash Flow Reasons for the major variances in cash provided (used) in the table above are as follows: Cash provided by operating activities was higher by $83.8 million reflecting several factors:    Partially offset by, Cash used for financing activities was higher by $109.0 million, primarily due to higher payments on borrowings under our revolving credit agreement. Partially offsetting this increase, in 2008, we incurred debt issuance costs in connection with our new revolving credit agreement, with no corresponding charges in 2009. We paid dividends of $0.28 per share in each 2009, 2008 and 2007. The 2009 dividends marked the 87th year of consecutive quarterly dividends. Certain accounting issues require management estimates and judgments for the preparation of financial statements. Our most significant policies requiring the use of estimates and judgments are listed below. Revenue Recognition Gift Cards Inventories are our most significant asset, representing 44% of total assets at the end of 2009. We value inventories at the lower of cost or market, with 93% of consolidated inventories using the last-in, first-out (“LIFO”) method. An actual valuation of inventory under the LIFO method can be made only at the end of each year based on the inventory levels and costs at that time. Accordingly, interim LIFO calculations are based on management’s estimates of expected year-end inventory levels, and costs and are subject to the final year-end LIFO inventory valuation. Income Taxes We provide taxes for the effects of timing differences between financial and tax reporting. These differences relate principally to employee benefit plans, accrued expenses, bad debt reserves, depreciation and inventory. At January 30, 2010, we have net operating loss carryforwards at certain of our subsidiaries. We evaluate these carryforwards for realization based upon their expiration dates and our expectations of future taxable income. As deemed appropriate, valuation reserves are recorded to adjust the recorded value of these carryforwards to the expected realizable value. Goodwill and Intangible Assets Store Closing and Impairment Charges We regularly analyze the results of all of our stores and assess the viability of underperforming stores to determine whether they should be closed or whether their long-lived assets have been impaired. We perform asset impairment tests at least annually, on a store-by-store basis. After allowing for an appropriate start-up period, unusual nonrecurring events or favorable trends, we write down to fair value the fixed assets of stores indicated as impaired. Litigation Contingencies We are the defendant in several claims and lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business. We do not believe any of these ordinary course of business proceedings will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. We accrue our best estimate of the cost of resolution of these claims. Legal defense costs of such claims are recognized in the period in which we incur the costs. See Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for a further description of commitments and contingencies. Environmental Matters Share-based Compensation Retirement and Other Benefit Plans We sponsor pension plans in both the United States and Canada. Our domestic pension plans cover substantially all United States employees, and our Canadian pension plans cover certain employees based on plan specifications. In addition, we maintain an unfunded Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (“SERP”) and sponsor unfunded defined-benefit postretirement life insurance plans that cover both salaried and hourly employees who had become eligible for benefits by January 1, 1995. We determine our expense and obligations for retirement and other benefit plans based on assumptions related to discount rates, expected long-term rates of return on invested plan assets, expected salary increases and certain employee-related factors, such as turnover, retirement age and mortality among others. Our assumptions reflect our historical experiences and our best judgment regarding future expectations. Additional information related to our assumptions is as follows: See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our retirement and other benefit plans. Impact of Prospective Accounting Pronouncements Recent accounting pronouncements and their impact on the Company are described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. At January 30, 2010, we were contingently liable for remaining lease commitments of approximately $1.7 million in the aggregate, which relate to former retail locations that we exited in prior years. These obligations will continue to decline over the next several years as leases expire. In order for us to incur any liability related to these lease commitments, the current lessees would have to default. The table below sets forth our significant future obligations by time period. Further information on these commitments is provided in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, which are cross-referenced in this table. Our obligations outstanding as of January 30, 2010, include the following: A description of our accounting policies for derivative financial instruments is included in Notes 1 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements. In addition, we are exposed to translation risk because some of our foreign operations are in local currency and must be translated into United States dollars. As currency exchange rates fluctuate, translation of our financial statements of foreign businesses into United States dollars affects the comparability of financial results between years. Our financing arrangements include $94.5 million of outstanding variable rate debt under the Credit Agreement at January 30, 2010. We also have $150.0 million in Senior Notes, which bear interest at a fixed rate of 8.75%. Changes in interest rates impact fixed and variable rate debt differently. For fixed rate debt, a change in interest rates will only impact the fair value of the debt, whereas a change in the interest rates on variable rate debt will impact interest expense and cash flows. At January 30, 2010, the fair value of our long-term debt is estimated at approximately $152.3 million based upon the pricing of our Senior Notes at that time. Market risk is viewed as the potential change in fair value of our debt resulting from a hypothetical 10% adverse change in interest rates and would be $2.4 million for our long-term debt at January 30, 2010. Information appearing under the caption Risk Management and Derivatives in Note 12 and Fair Value Measurements in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements is incorporated herein by reference. Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Shareholders Brown Shoe Company, Inc. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, Brown Shoe Company, Inc., maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 30, 2010, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Brown Shoe Company, Inc. as of January 30, 2010, and January 31, 2009, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 30, 2010, and our report dated March 31, 2010, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP St. Louis, Missouri March 31, 2010 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Shareholders Brown Shoe Company, Inc. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Brown Shoe Company, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of January 30, 2010, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated March 31, 2010, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP St. Louis, Missouri March 31, 2010 See notes to consolidated financial statements.   See notes to consolidated financial statements. See notes to consolidated financial statements.   See notes to consolidated financial statements. Brown Shoe Company, Inc. (the “Company”), founded in 1878 and incorporated in 1913, is a footwear retailer and wholesaler. The Company’s shares are traded under the “BWS” symbol on the New York and Chicago Stock Exchanges. Our business is seasonal in nature due to consumer spending patterns, with higher back-to-school and Christmas and Easter holiday season sales. Traditionally, the third fiscal quarter accounts for a substantial portion of our earnings for the year. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries as well as a variable interest entity (“VIE”) for which the Company is the primary beneficiary after the elimination of intercompany accounts and transactions. Under the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 810, Consolidation, if an entity is determined to be a VIE, it must be consolidated by the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary is the enterprise that absorbs the majority of the entity's expected losses, receives a majority of the entity's expected residual returns or both.  Noncontrolling Interests Accounting Period The Company’s fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period ending the Saturday nearest to January 31. Fiscal years 2009, 2008 and 2007 ended on January 30, 2010, January 31, 2009 and February 2, 2008, respectively. Fiscal years 2009, 2008 and 2007 each included 52 weeks. Basis of Presentation Certain prior period amounts on the consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation. These reclassifications did not affect net earnings (loss) attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Markdowns are recorded to reflect expected adjustments to sales prices. In determining markdowns, management considers current and recently recorded sales prices, the length of time the product is held in inventory and quantities of various product styles contained in inventory, among other factors. The ultimate amount realized from the sale of certain products could differ from management estimates. Computer Software Costs The Company capitalizes in other assets certain costs, including internal payroll costs, incurred in connection with the development or acquisition of software for internal use. Other assets on the consolidated balance sheets include $47.4 million and $30.1 million of unamortized computer software costs as of January 30, 2010 and January 31, 2009, respectively. Property and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation of property and equipment is provided over the estimated useful lives of the assets or the remaining lease terms, where applicable, using the straight-line method. Capitalized Interest Interest costs applicable to major asset additions are capitalized during the construction or development period and amortized over the lives of the related assets, including $1.0 million in 2009 and $0.2 million in 2008, with no corresponding amounts capitalized in 2007. Interest Expense Interest expense includes interest for borrowings under both the Company’s Senior Notes and its Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the “Credit Agreement”). Interest expense includes fees paid under the Credit Agreement for the unused portion of its line of credit. Interest expense also includes the amortization of deferred debt issuance costs as well as the accretion of certain discounted noncurrent liabilities. Goodwill and Intangible Assets Goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized but are subject to annual impairment tests using primarily a discounted cash flow approach. The Company performs impairment tests during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year unless events indicate an interim test is required. Other intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives and are reviewed for impairment if and when impairment indicators are present. During 2008, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge for goodwill and intangible assets of $149.2 million ($119.2 million on an after-tax basis, or $2.87 per diluted share) as a result of a substantial decrease in its share price and market capitalization, reflecting the difficult market conditions and industry trends experienced during 2008. See Note 9 for additional information related to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets. Self-Insurance Reserves Revenue Recognition Gift Cards Loyalty Program Store Closing and Impairment Charges The costs of closing stores, including lease termination costs, property and equipment write-offs and severance, as applicable, are recorded when the store is closed or when a binding agreement is reached with the landlord to close the store. Advertising and Marketing Expense All advertising and marketing costs are expensed at the time the event occurs or the promotion first appears in media or in the store, except for direct response advertising that relates primarily to the production and distribution of the Company’s catalogs and coupon mailers. Direct response advertising costs are amortized over the expected future revenue stream, which is one to three months from the date materials are mailed. In addition, the Company participates in co-op advertising programs with certain of its wholesale customers. For those co-op advertising programs where the Company has validated the fair value of the advertising received, co-op advertising costs are reflected as advertising expense within selling and administrative expenses. Otherwise, co-op advertising costs are reflected as a reduction of net sales. Income Taxes Operating Leases The Company leases its store premises and distribution center premises under operating leases. Many leases entered into by the Company include options under which the Company may extend the lease term beyond the initial commitment period, subject to terms agreed to at lease inception. Some leases also include early termination options which can be exercised under specific conditions. Contingent Rentals Many of the leases covering retail stores require contingent rentals in addition to the minimum monthly rental charge based on retail sales volume. The Company records expense for contingent rentals during the period in which the retail sales volume exceeds the respective targets. Construction Allowances Received From Landlords At the time its retail facilities are initially leased, the Company often receives consideration from landlords to be applied against the cost of leasehold improvements necessary to open the store. The Company treats these construction allowances as a lease incentive. The allowances are recorded as a deferred rent obligation upon receipt and amortized to income over the lease term as a reduction of rent expense. The allowances are reflected as a component of other accrued expenses and deferred rent on the consolidated balance sheets. Straight-Line Rents and Rent Holidays Preopening Costs Preopening costs associated with opening retail stores, including payroll, supplies and facility costs, are expensed as incurred. Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share Attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. Shareholders Comprehensive Income (Loss) Comprehensive income (loss) includes the effect of foreign currency translation adjustments, unrealized gains or losses from derivatives used for hedging activities and pension and other postretirement benefits adjustments. Foreign Currency Translation Derivative Financial Instruments The Company recognizes all derivative financial instruments as either assets or liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets and measures those instruments at fair value. The Company evaluates its exposure to volatility in foreign currency rates and may enter into derivative transactions as it deems necessary. These derivative financial instruments are viewed as risk management tools and are not used for trading or speculative purposes. See additional information related to derivative financial instruments in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. Share-based Compensation Impact of New Accounting Pronouncements In June 2009, the FASB issued a standard that allows the FASB ASC to become the single source of authoritative U.S. accounting and reporting standards, other than guidance issued by the SEC. The pronouncement does not change GAAP and is effective for financial statements issued for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. Accordingly, the Company adopted the guidance during the third quarter of 2009. The adoption did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements although changes in related disclosures were required. Impact of Prospective Accounting Pronouncements As discussed in Note 1, the Company began using the two-class method to compute basic and diluted earnings (loss) per common share attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. shareholders at the beginning of 2009. In periods of net loss, no effect is given to the Company’s participating securities since they do not contractually participate in the losses of the Company. The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings (loss) per common share attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. shareholders: Options to purchase 1,679,335 and 194,243 shares of common stock in 2009 and 2007, respectively, were not included in the denominator for diluted earnings per common share attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. shareholders because the effect would be antidilutive. Due to the Company’s net loss attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. in 2008, the denominator for diluted loss per common share attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. shareholders is the same as the denominator for basic loss per common share attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. shareholders. Comprehensive income (loss) includes changes in equity related to foreign currency translation adjustments, unrealized gains or losses from derivatives used for hedging activities and pension and other postretirement benefits adjustments. The following table sets forth the reconciliation from net earnings (loss) to comprehensive income (loss) for the periods ended January 30, 2010, January 31, 2009 and February 2, 2008: The following table sets forth the balance in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the Company at January 30, 2010, January 31, 2009 and February 2, 2008: See additional information related to derivative financial instruments in Note 1, Note 12 and Note 13 and additional information related to pension and other postretirement benefits in Note 5. Information Technology Initiatives Organizational Changes Headquarters Consolidation The following is a summary of the charges and settlements by category of costs: Expense and Capital Containment Initiatives The following is a summary of the charges and settlements by category of costs: Of the $30.9 million in costs recorded during 2008, $14.4 million was recorded in the Wholesale Operations segment, $12.1 million was recorded in the Other segment, $3.8 million was recorded in the Famous Footwear segment and $0.6 million was recorded in the Specialty Retail segment. All of the costs recorded during 2008 were reflected as a component of restructuring and other special charges, net. A tax benefit of $11.8 million associated with the costs was recorded during 2008. The write-off of assets during 2008 of $0.5 million, included in facility costs, was a noncash item. Environmental Insurance Recoveries, Net Earnings Enhancement Plan The following is a summary of the charges and settlements by category of costs: The following is a summary of the charges by segment: Of the costs recorded during 2007 and the cumulative costs recorded to date, $19.0 million and $25.0 million, respectively, were reflected as a component of restructuring and other special charges, net. During 2006, $0.3 million were reflected as a component of cost of goods sold, resulting in total cumulative costs recorded to date of $25.3 million. A tax benefit of $6.6 million and $9.0 million was associated with the costs recorded during 2007 and the cumulative costs recorded to date, respectively. Inventory markdowns and the write-off of assets are noncash items. The Company also maintains an unfunded Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (“SERP”). As of January 30, 2010, the projected benefit obligation of this plan was $12.1 million, and the accumulated benefit obligation was $11.3 million. In addition to providing pension benefits, the Company sponsors unfunded defined-benefit postretirement life insurance plans that cover both salaried and hourly employees who had become eligible for benefits by January 1, 1995. The life insurance plans provide coverage ranging from $1,000 to $38,000 for qualifying retired employees. Benefit Obligations The following table sets forth changes in benefit obligations, including all domestic and Canadian plans: The accumulated benefit obligation for the United States pension plans was $181.8 million and $170.7 million as of January 30, 2010 and January 31, 2009, respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation for the Canadian pension plans was $4.3 million and $3.5 million as of January 30, 2010 and January 31, 2009, respectively. Plan Assets Assets of the Canadian pension plans, which total approximately $5.0 million at January 30, 2010, were invested 54% in equity funds, 43% in bond funds and 3% in money market funds. The Canadian pension plans did not include any Company stock as of January 30, 2010 or January 31, 2009. The fair values of the Company’s pension plan assets at January 30, 2010, by asset category are as follows: The following table sets forth changes in the fair value of plan assets, including all domestic and Canadian plans: Employer contributions and benefits paid in the above table include both those amounts contributed directly to and paid directly from plan assets and those amounts paid directly to plan participants. Funded Status The over-funded status as of January 30, 2010 and January 31, 2009 for pension benefits was $42.2 million and $31.8 million, respectively. The under-funded status as of January 30, 2010 and January 31, 2009 for other postretirement benefits was $3.7 million and $3.5 million, respectively. Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets consist of: The projected benefit obligation, the accumulated benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets for pension plans with a projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets and for pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets, which includes only the Company’s SERP, were as follows: The accumulated postretirement benefit obligation exceeds assets for all of the Company’s other postretirement benefit plans. The amounts in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss that have not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefits (income) cost at January 30, 2010 and January 31, 2009, and the expected amortization of the January 30, 2010 amounts as components of net periodic benefit cost (income) for the year ended January 29, 2011, are as follows: Net Periodic Benefit Cost Net periodic benefit (income) cost for 2009, 2008 and 2007 for all domestic and Canadian plans included the following components: The prior service cost is amortized on a straight-line basis over the average future service of active plan participants benefiting under the plan at the time of each plan amendment. The net actuarial loss (gain) subject to amortization is amortized on a straight-line basis over the average future service of active plan participants as of the measurement date. The net transition asset is amortized over the estimated service life. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on historical and projected rates of return for current and planned asset classes in the plan’s investment portfolio. Assumed projected rates of return for each asset class were selected after analyzing experience and future expectations of the returns. The overall expected rate of return for the portfolio was developed based on the target allocation for each asset class. Expected Cash Flows Information about expected cash flows for all pension and postretirement benefit plans follows: Defined-Contribution Plans The Company’s domestic defined-contribution 401(k) plan covers salaried and certain hourly employees. Company contributions represent a partial matching of employee contributions, generally up to a maximum of 3.5% of the employee’s salary and bonus. The Company’s expense for this plan was $3.2 million, $3.3 million and $3.2 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The Company’s Canadian defined-contribution plan covers certain salaried and hourly employees. The Company makes contributions for all eligible employees, ranging from 3% to 5% of the employee’s salary. In addition, eligible employees may voluntarily contribute to the plan. The Company’s expense for this plan was $0.3 million in both 2009 and 2008 and $0.2 million in 2007. Deferred Compensation Plan The components of earnings (loss) before income taxes consisted of domestic (loss) earnings before income taxes of $(6.8) million, $(217.2) million and $38.7 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, and foreign earnings before income taxes of $18.5 million, $28.6 million and $45.1 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The components of income tax provision (benefit) on earnings (loss) were as follows: The Company made federal, state and foreign tax payments, net of refunds, of $(13.0) million, $(1.4) million and $22.7 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The differences between the tax (benefit) expense reflected in the consolidated financial statements and the amounts calculated at the federal statutory income tax rate of 35% were as follows: The other category of income tax (benefit) provision principally represents the impact of expenses that are not deductible for federal income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company’s deferred income tax assets and liabilities were as follows: At the end of 2009, the Company had a net operating loss carryforward with a tax value of $2.0 million related to Shoes.com, which expires in 2019, and various state net operating loss carryforwards with tax values totaling $9.4 million. A valuation allowance of $8.4 million has been established related to these operating loss carryforwards. The Company also has a valuation allowance of $0.5 million related to share-based compensation. The majority of the remaining net operating loss will be carried back to prior tax years, and the Company anticipates receiving a refund during 2010. As of January 30, 2010, no deferred taxes have been provided on the accumulated unremitted earnings of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries that are not subject to United States income tax. At January 30, 2010, the Company had approximately $124 million of cash and cash equivalents at its Canadian and other foreign subsidiaries. Uncertain Tax Positions FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes, establishes a single model to address accounting for uncertain tax positions. The standard clarifies the accounting for income taxes by prescribing a minimum recognition threshold a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements. The standard also provides guidance on derecognition, measurement classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. The Company adopted the provisions of FASB ASC 740, as it relates to uncertain tax positions, on February 4, 2007. At February 4, 2007, the Company had $1.0 million of unrecognized tax benefits, relating to various state tax issues, and $0.2 million of estimated interest and penalties. A charge of $0.8 million, net of a federal income tax benefit of $0.4 million, was recorded against retained earnings as a cumulative effect adjustment at February 4, 2007. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:  If the unrecognized tax benefits were to be recognized in full, the net amount that would be reflected in the income statement tax provision, thereby impacting the effective tax rate, would be $1.3 million at both January 30, 2010 and January 31, 2009 and $0.8 million at February 2, 2008.  Estimated interest and penalties related to the underpayment of income taxes were classified as a component of the income tax provision (benefit) in the consolidated statements of earnings and were insignificant in 2009 and $0.1 million for both 2008 and 2007.  Accrued interest and penalties were $0.4 million at both January 30, 2010 and January 31, 2009. The Company has settled examinations by both the Internal Revenue Service and the Canada Revenue Agency of tax years through January 28, 2006 (fiscal year 2005). The Company also files tax returns in various foreign jurisdictions and numerous states for which various tax years are subject to examination. The Company does not expect any significant changes to its liability for unrecognized tax benefits during the next 12 months. The Company’s reportable segments include Famous Footwear, Wholesale Operations, Specialty Retail and Other. Famous Footwear, which represents the Company’s largest division, operated 1,129 stores at the end of 2009, primarily selling branded footwear for the entire family. Wholesale Operations source and market licensed, branded and private-label footwear primarily to national chains, mass merchandisers and department stores as well as Company-owned Famous Footwear and Specialty Retail divisions. The Specialty Retail operations included 137 stores in the United States, 131 stores in Canada and 14 stores in China at the end of 2009, selling primarily Naturalizer brand footwear in regional malls and outlet centers as well as other e-commerce businesses. The Other segment includes corporate assets and administrative expenses and other costs and recoveries which are not allocated to the operating units. Following is a reconciliation of operating earnings (loss) to earnings (loss) before income taxes: In 2009, the impact of restructuring and other special charges, net included in operating earnings (loss) was as follows: In 2008, the impact of impairment of goodwill and intangible assets and restructuring and other special charges, net included in operating (loss) earnings was as follows: In 2007, the impact of restructuring and other special charges, net included in operating earnings (loss) was as follows: For geographic purposes, the domestic operations include the wholesale distribution of licensed, branded and private-label footwear to a variety of retail customers and nationwide operation of the Company’s retail chains, including Famous Footwear and Specialty Retail, and e-commerce business. The Company’s foreign operations primarily consist of wholesale distribution operations in the Far East and retail operations in Canada, China and Guam. The Far East operations include first-cost transactions, where footwear is sold at foreign ports to customers who then import the footwear into the United States and other countries. A summary of the Company’s net sales and long-lived assets by geographic area were as follows: Long-lived assets consisted primarily of property and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets, prepaid pension costs, investment in nonconsolidated affiliate and other noncurrent assets. Property and equipment consisted of the following: Useful lives of property and equipment are as follows: Selling and administrative expenses include charges for impairment, primarily for leasehold improvements and fixtures in the Company’s retail stores, of $3.9 million, $2.7 million and $2.1 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Fair value was based on estimated future cash flows to be generated by retail stores, discounted at a market rate of interest. As of January 31, 2009, the Company had intangible assets of $84.0 million (net of $30.4 million accumulated amortization). Intangible assets of $13.7 million, primarily related to trademarks, are not subject to amortization. Intangible assets were attributable to the Company's operating segments as follows: The decline in the intangible assets of the Company’s Wholesale Operations segment from January 31, 2009 to January 30, 2010 reflected amortization of its licensed and owned trademarks. As a result of annual impairment testing in 2009, the Company did not record any impairment charges during 2009 related to intangible assets. 2008 Impairment Charges Goodwill Impairment Intangible Asset Impairment The non-cash goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges in 2008 did not have an adverse effect on the covenant calculations under the Company’s debt agreements or its overall compliance with the covenants of its debt agreements. The impairment of goodwill and intangible assets resulted in a reduction of goodwill and intangible assets, net on the consolidated balance sheet, and the impairment amount was separately disclosed as impairment of goodwill and intangible assets within the consolidated statement of earnings and statement of cash flows. Credit Agreement Interest on borrowings is at variable rates based on the London Inter-Bank Offer Rate (“LIBOR”) or the prime rate, as defined in the Credit Agreement. The interest rate and fees for letters of credit varies based upon the level of excess availability under the Credit Agreement. There is an unused line fee payable on the excess availability under the facility and a letter of credit fee payable on the outstanding exposure under letters of credit. At January 30, 2010, the Company had $94.5 million in borrowings outstanding and $8.9 million in letters of credit outstanding under the Credit Agreement. Total additional borrowing availability was $276.6 million at January 30, 2010. The maximum amount of borrowings under either the Credit Agreement or Former Credit Agreement at the end of any month was $128.0 million in 2009 and $112.5 million in 2008. The average daily borrowings during the year were $77.6 million in 2009 and $29.0 million in 2008. The weighted-average interest rates approximated 3.5% in 2009 and 4.3% in 2008. Senior Notes The Senior Notes also contain certain other covenants and restrictions which limit certain activities including, among other things, levels of indebtedness, payments of dividends, the guarantee or pledge of assets, certain investments, common stock repurchases, mergers and acquisitions and sales of assets. As of January 30, 2010, the Company was in compliance with all covenants relating to the Senior Notes. Cash payments of interest for these financing arrangements during 2009, 2008 and 2007 were $17.7 million, $15.0 million and $14.4 million, respectively. Rent expense for operating leases was: Future minimum payments under noncancelable operating leases with an initial term of one year or more were as follows at January 30, 2010: General Risk Management The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents and certain other financial instruments with various financial institutions. The financial institutions are located throughout the world, and the Company’s policy is designed to limit exposure to any one institution or geographic region. The Company’s periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing of these financial institutions are considered in the Company’s investment strategy. The Company’s Wholesale Operations segment sells to national chains, mass merchandisers and department stores primarily in the United States, Canada and China. Receivables arising from these sales are not collateralized; however, a portion is covered by documentary letters of credit. Credit risk is affected by conditions or occurrences within the economy and the retail industry. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers and historical trends. The Company’s hedging strategy uses forward contracts as cash flow hedging instruments, which are recorded in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets at fair value. The effective portion of gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of these hedge instruments are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified to earnings in the period that the hedged transaction is recognized in earnings. As of January 30, 2010, the Company had forward contracts maturing at various dates through January 2011. The contract amount represents the net amount of all purchase and sale contracts of a foreign currency. As of January 30, 2010, the fair values of derivative financial instruments included within the consolidated balance sheet were as follows: During 2009, the effect of derivative financial instruments on the consolidated statement of earnings was as follows: All of the gains and losses currently included within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) associated with the Company’s foreign exchange forward contracts are expected to be reclassified into its net earnings within the next 12 months. Additional information related to the Company’s derivative financial instruments are disclosed within Note 1 and Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements. Fair Value Hierarchy FASB guidance on fair value measurements and disclosures specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (“observable inputs”) or reflect the Company’s own assumptions of market participant valuation (“unobservable inputs”). In accordance with the fair value guidance, the hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the reliability of the inputs as follows: In determining fair value, the Company utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the extent possible as well as considers counterparty credit risk in its assessment of fair value. Classification of the financial or non-financial asset or liability within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Measurement of Fair Value The Company measures fair value as an exit price, the price to sell an asset or transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, using the procedures described below for all financial and non-financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value. Money Market Funds The Company has cash equivalents consisting of short-term money market funds backed by U.S. Treasury securities. The primary objective of these investing activities is to preserve its capital for the purpose of funding operations and it does not enter into money market funds for trading or speculative purposes. The fair value is based on unadjusted quoted market prices for the funds in active markets with sufficient volume and frequency (Level 1). Deferred Compensation Plan Assets Derivative Financial Instruments The Company uses derivative financial instruments, primarily foreign exchange contracts, to reduce its exposure to market risks from changes in foreign exchange rates. These foreign exchange contracts are measured at fair value using quoted forward foreign exchange prices from counterparties corroborated by market-based pricing (Level 2). Additional information related to the Company’s derivative financial instruments are disclosed in Note 1 and Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. The following table presents the Company’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at January 30, 2010: Store Impairment Charges Fair Value of the Company’s Other Financial Instruments The fair values of cash and cash equivalents (excluding money market funds discussed above), receivables and trade accounts payable approximate their carrying values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying amounts and fair values of the Company’s other financial instruments subject to fair value disclosures are as follows: The fair value of borrowings under the revolving credit agreement approximated their carrying value due to the short-term nature and the fair value of the Company’s Senior Notes was based upon quoted prices as of the end of the respective periods. Stock Repurchase Programs During December 2007, the Company repurchased 2.4 million shares of its common stock for $41.1 million, at an average price of $17.05 per share under the 2000 stock repurchase program (“2000 Program”), which was approved by the Board of Directors in May 2000. In January 2008, the Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program (“2008 Program”) authorizing the repurchase of up to 2.5 million shares of the Company’s outstanding common stock. The Company can utilize the repurchase program to repurchase shares on the open market or in private transactions from time to time, depending on market conditions. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date. There have been no shares repurchased under the 2008 Program. Repurchases Related to Employee Share-based Awards During 2009 and 2008, 25,227 shares and 100,457 shares, respectively, were tendered by employees related to certain share-based awards. These shares were tendered in satisfaction of the exercise price of stock options and/or to satisfy minimum tax withholding amounts for non-qualified stock options, restricted stock and stock performance awards. Accordingly, these share repurchases are not considered a part of the Company’s publicly announced stock repurchase programs. The Company has share-based incentive compensation plans under which certain officers, employees and members of the Board of Directors are participants and may be granted stock option, restricted stock and stock performance awards. FASB ASC 718, Compensation – Stock Compensation, and FASB ASC 505, Equity, require companies to recognize compensation expense in an amount equal to the fair value of all share-based payments granted to employees over the requisite service period for each award. In certain limited circumstances, the Company’s incentive compensation plan provides for accelerated vesting of the awards, such as in the event of a change in control, qualified retirement, death or disability. The Company has a policy of issuing treasury shares in satisfaction of share-based awards. Share-based compensation expense of $4.7 million, $2.6 million and $8.4 million was recognized in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, as a component of selling and administrative expenses. The following table details the share-based compensation expense by plan and the total related income tax benefit for 2009, 2008 and 2007: The Company issued 568,681, 490,568 and 973,922 shares of common stock in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, for restricted stock grants, stock options exercised and stock performance awards issued to employees and common and restricted stock grants issued to directors. Other than the amendment to the structured payout for our 2008 stock performance awards discussed in the Stock Performance Awards section to follow, there were no significant modifications to any share-based awards in 2009, 2008 or 2007. Stock Options Stock options are granted to employees at exercise prices equal to the quoted market price of the Company’s stock at the date of grant. Stock options generally vest over four years and have a term of ten years. Compensation cost for all stock options is recognized over the requisite service period for each award. No dividends are paid on unexercised options. Expense for stock options is recognized on a straight-line basis separately for each vesting portion of the stock option award. The Company granted 212,400, 103,500 and 200,743 stock options during 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Fair values of options granted in 2009, 2008 and 2007 were estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following assumptions: Dividend yields are based on historical dividend yields. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatilities of the Company’s common stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected term of the options. The expected term of options represents the weighted-average period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding, giving consideration to vesting schedules and the Company’s historical exercise patterns. Summarized information about stock options outstanding and exercisable at January 30, 2010 is as follows: The weighted-average remaining contractual term of stock options outstanding and currently exercisable at January 30, 2010 was 5.1 years and 4.2 years, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options outstanding and currently exercisable at January 30, 2010 was $3.3 million and $1.5 million, respectively. Intrinsic value for stock options is calculated based on the exercise price of the underlying awards as compared to the quoted price of the Company’s common stock as of the reporting date. The following table summarizes stock option activity for 2009 under the current and prior plans: The following table summarizes nonvested stock option activity for 2009 under the current and prior plans: The weighted-average fair value of stock options granted for 2009, 2008 and 2007 was $1.57, $5.30 and $14.84, respectively. The total grant date fair value of stock options vested during 2009, 2008 and 2007 was $2.2 million, $3.5 million and $4.3 million, respectively. As of January 30, 2010, the total remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock options amounted to $0.6 million, which will be amortized over the weighted-average remaining requisite service period of 1.9 years. Restricted Stock The following table summarizes restricted stock activity for the year ended January 30, 2010: The Company recognized ($0.1 million), $0.1 million and $0.6 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, of excess tax (deficiencies) benefits related to restricted stock vesting and dividends, which was reflected as a (decrease) increase to additional paid-in capital. Stock Performance Awards Expense for stock performance awards is recognized based upon the fair value of the awards on the date of grant and the anticipated number of shares to be awarded on a straight-line basis over the three-year service period. The fair value of the stock performance awards is the quoted market price for the Company’s common stock on the date of grant. The Company had nonvested outstanding stock performance awards for 406,000 shares at a target level as of January 30, 2010, which may result in the issuance of up to 609,000 shares at the end of the service periods. The following table summarizes stock performance activity for the year ended January 30, 2010: In 2007, the Company invested cash of $7.1 million in Edelman Shoe, acquiring 42.5% of the outstanding stock. On November 3, 2008 (fourth quarter of 2008), the Company invested an additional $4.1 million of cash in Edelman Shoe, acquiring 7.5% of the outstanding stock, bringing the Company’s total equity interest to 50%. The Company has an option to buy the remaining interest in the future. The Sam Edelman brand was launched in 2004 and is sold through department stores and independent retailers across the country. The Company believes the investment in Edelman Shoe complements its portfolio of wholesale footwear brands by adding owned brands that sell primarily in the bridge/designer footwear price zones. Hongguo International Holdings Edelman Shoe, Inc. A consolidated subsidiary of the Company sold footwear to Edelman Shoe on a wholesale basis, which was then sold by Edelman Shoe to department stores and independent retailers across the country. During 2008 and 2007, this consolidated subsidiary of the Company sold $11.3 million and $0.9 million, respectively, of footwear on a wholesale basis to Edelman Shoe prior to consolidation. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2008, Edelman Shoe is included within the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, all intercompany sales activity is eliminated. OgilvyOne LLC Prior to 2008, the Company used OgilvyOne LLC (“Ogilvy”) to provide certain marketing and consulting services. A member of the Company’s Board of Directors, Carla C. Hendra, is an officer of Ogilvy North America and OgilvyOne N.A., both of which are affiliates of Ogilvy. Charges of $1.0 million were incurred during 2007, with no charges incurred during 2009 and 2008 with Ogilvy. Environmental Remediation While the Company currently does not operate manufacturing facilities, prior operations included numerous manufacturing and other facilities for which the Company may have responsibility under various environmental laws for the remediation of conditions that may be identified in the future. The Company is involved in environmental remediation and ongoing compliance activities at several sites and has been notified that it is or may be a potentially responsible party at several other sites. The Company is involved in legal proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the outcome of such ordinary course of business proceedings and litigation currently pending will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations or financial position. All legal costs associated with litigation are expensed as incurred. In 2004, the Company was notified of the insolvency of an insurance company that insured the Company for workers’ compensation and casualty losses from 1973 to 1989. That company is now in liquidation. Certain claims from that time period are still outstanding, for which the Company has an accrued liability of $1.7 million as of January 30, 2010. While management believes it has an appropriate reserve for this matter, the ultimate outcome and cost to the Company may vary. At January 30, 2010, the Company was contingently liable for remaining lease commitments of approximately $1.7 million in the aggregate, which relate to former retail locations that it exited in prior years. These obligations will continue to decline over the next several years as leases expire. In order for the Company to incur any liability related to these lease commitments, the current lessees would have to default. In 2005, Brown Shoe Company, Inc. issued Senior Notes, which are fully and unconditionally and jointly and severally guaranteed by all of its existing and future subsidiaries that are guarantors under its existing Credit Agreement. The following table presents the condensed consolidating financial information for each of Brown Shoe Company, Inc. (“Parent”), the Guarantors and subsidiaries of the Parent that are not Guarantors (the “Non-Guarantors”), together with consolidating eliminations, as of and for the periods indicated. The condensed consolidating financial statements have been prepared using the equity method of accounting in accordance with the requirements for presentation of such information. Management believes that the information, presented in lieu of complete financial statements for each of the Guarantors, provides meaningful information to allow investors to determine the nature of the assets held by, and the operations and cash flows of, each of the consolidated groups. Quarterly financial results (unaudited) for the years 2009 and 2008 are as follows: The fourth quarter of 2009 included: The fourth quarter of 2008 included charges of: Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management’s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of January 30, 2010 can be found in Item 8 of this report. The effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of January 30, 2010, was audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which can also be found in Item 8 of this report. Based on the evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that there have been no changes in the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors during the quarter ended January 30, 2010, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Information regarding Directors of the Company is set forth under the caption Election of Directors in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 27, 2010, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding Executive Officers of the Registrant is set forth under the caption Executive Officers of the Registrant which can be found in Item 1 of this report, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding Section 16 Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance is set forth under the caption Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 27, 2010, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding the Audit Committee and the Audit Committee financial expert is set forth under the captions Board Meetings and Committees and Audit Committee, respectively, in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 27, 2010, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding the Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Code of Ethics is set forth under the caption Corporate Governance in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 27, 2010, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding Executive Compensation is set forth under the section titled Executive Compensation and under the caption Compensation of Non-Employee Directors in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 27, 2010, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding the Compensation Committee Report is set forth under the caption Report of the Compensation Committee in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 27, 2010, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation is set forth under the caption Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 27, 2010, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding Company Stock Ownership by Directors, Officers and Principal Holders of Our Stock is set forth under the caption Stock Ownership by Directors, Executive Officers and 5% Shareholders in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 27, 2010, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table sets forth aggregate information regarding the Company’s equity compensation plans as of January 30, 2010: Information regarding share-based plans is set forth in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements and is hereby incorporated by reference. Information regarding Certain Relationships and Related Transactions is set forth under the caption Related Party Transactions in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 27, 2010, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding Director Independence is set forth under the caption Director Independence in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 27, 2010, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding our Principal Accounting Fees and Services is set forth under the caption Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accountants in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 27, 2010, which information is incorporated herein by reference.   Denotes management contract or compensatory plan arrangements. Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: March 31, 2010 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant, on the dates and in the capacities indicated. EX-10.2 2 bws10k2009ex10_2.htm EXH 10.2  bws10k2009ex10_2.htm Fiscal 2009 Director Compensation Guidelines Compensation for non-employee directors is established by the board of directors upon the recommendation of the Governance and Nominating Committee.   This includes an annual equity grant, based on an approximate market value of $40,000, to be granted as either restricted stock or  restricted stock units and with the number of shares or units issued to be determined based on a recent stock price, each of which is described in more detail below. A director who is an employee does not receive payment for service as a director. Standard meeting fees and retainer are generally in accordance with the guidelines below, with cash retainers payable quarterly in arrears: In fiscal 2009, given Dr. Bower’s recognized expertise in succession planning, the board asked him to take the lead on these matters.  The board decided to pay Dr. Bower an additional retainer with a value of $25,000 for each of 2009 and 2010 to recognize his additional services to the board and management in connection with such matters. For the annual equity grant made following the annual meeting of shareholders, non-employee directors  have a choice between restricted stock units.  The restricted stock awards vest after one year and earn cash dividends.  The RSUs are subject to a one-year vesting requirement, earn dividend equivalent units, and are payable in cash on the date the director terminates service or such earlier date as a director may elect (provided that the selected payout date is at least two years after the grant date for the award), based on the stock’s then-current market value. Commencing with fiscal year 2009, our non-employee directors were able to participate in the Non-Employee Director Share Plan, which allows the participating director to receive retainer and meeting fees in shares of the Company’s stock in lieu of cash, with the number of shares issuable determined based on the mean of the high and low price of our stock, usually determined as of the first business day following the meeting or following the payment date for a retainer. EX-10.11B 3 bws10k2009ex10_11b.htm EXH 10.11B  bws10k2009ex10_11b.htm    EXHIBIT 10.11b                                       0;                       Ronald A. Fromm Chairman and CEO Dear Ron: Section 409A to the Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”) imposes significant limitations on amounts that are considered nonqualified deferred compensation (“NDC”).  Some payments under your Severance Agreement may be subject to these rules.  Therefore, in order to avoid potential negative tax implications to you, we must amend your Severance Agreement to ensure compliance with 409A. In addition, the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) recently amended the rules governing the deductibility of compensation paid to top executives of a publicly traded company.  In general, IRC Section 162(m) provides that annual compensation in excess of $1 million is not deductible.  Performance based compensation, however, is not subject to the $1 million limitation.  To ensure payments made in connection with the bonus program are considered to be performance based compensation, we need to make revisions to your agreement. Accordingly, in light of the 409A and 162(m) rules’ possible impact on your severance benefits, your Severance Agreement is amended as follows: 1.12           “Termination Date” means the effective date as provided in this Agreement of the termination of Employee’s employment with the Company.  Employee will have a termination of employment only if he has a separation from service determined based on all of the facts and circumstances and in accordance with the rules and regulations issued by the Treasury Department under Code Section 409A. Section 6.                      Employee Expenses After Change in Control Section 7.                      Release Please indicate your agreement to the terms set forth above by signing a copy of this letter and returning it to me      /s/ Sarah Stephenson Sarah Stephenson Vice President Total Rewards EX-10.16 4 bws10k2009ex10_16.htm EXH 10.16  bws10k2009ex10_16.htm    SEVERANCE AGREEMENT This SEVERANCE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is effective as of April 1, 2009 (“Effective Date”) by and between Mark D. Lardie (“Employee”) and Brown Shoe Company, Inc., a New York corporation (“Brown Shoe” and, together with its subsidiaries, the “Company”). WHEREAS, Brown Shoe is engaged, directly and indirectly through its subsidiaries, in the sourcing and retail and wholesale sale of footwear in the United States and throughout the world; WHEREAS, Employee is employed by Brown Shoe or a wholly-owned subsidiary of Brown Shoe in an executive capacity, possesses intimate knowledge of the business and affairs of the Company, and has acquired, and will continue to acquire, certain confidential, proprietary and trade secret information and data with respect to the Company; WHEREAS, Brown Shoe desires to insure, insofar as possible, that the Company will continue to have the benefit of Employee’s services and to protect the confidential information and goodwill of the Company; and WHEREAS, the Company recognizes that circumstances may arise in which a change in the control of Brown Shoe occurs, through acquisition or otherwise, thereby causing uncertainty of employment without regard to Employee’s competence or past contributions which uncertainty may result in the loss of valuable services of Employee to the detriment of the Company and Brown Shoe’s shareholders, and the Company and Employee wish to provide reasonable security to Employee against changes in Employee’s relationship with Brown Shoe in the event of any such change in control; and WHEREAS, both the Company and Employee are desirous that a proposal for any change of control or acquisition will be considered by Employee objectively and with reference only to the business interests of the Company and Brown Shoe’s shareholders; and WHEREAS, Employee will be in a better position to consider the best interests of the Company if Employee is afforded reasonable security, as provided in this Agreement, against altered conditions of employment which could result from any such change in control or acquisition. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto mutually covenant and agree as follows: Section 1. Definitions 1.1 “Board” means the Board of Directors of Brown Shoe. 1.2 “Business Unit” means any direct or indirect subsidiary, operating division or business unit of Brown Shoe. 1.3 “Cause” means (i) engaging by Employee in willful misconduct which is materially injurious to the Company; (ii) conviction of Employee of a felony; (iii) engaging by Employee in fraud, material dishonesty or gross misconduct in connection with the business of the Company; (iv) engaging by Employee in any act of moral turpitude reasonably likely to materially and adversely affect the Company or its business; (v) engaging by Employee in the illegal use of a controlled substance or using prescription medications unlawfully; or (vi) abuse by Employee of alcohol. 1.4 “Change of Control” means the occurrence of any of the following events after the Effective Date: (d) Approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 1.5 “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 1.6 “Competitor” means any Person which (a) in its prior fiscal year had annual gross sales volume or revenues of more than $20,000,000 attributable to the sale of footwear or (b) is reasonably expected to have such level of footwear sales or revenues in either the current fiscal year or the next following fiscal year. 1.7 “Confidential Information” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10. 1.8 “Customer” means any wholesale customer of Brown Shoe and/or any Business Unit which either purchased from Brown Shoe and/or any Business Unit during the one (1) year immediately preceding the Termination Date, or is reasonably expected by Brown Shoe and/or any Business Unit to purchase from Brown Shoe and/or any Business Unit in the one (1) year period immediately following the Termination Date, more than $1,000,000 in footwear. 1.9 “ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 1.11 “Person” means any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)). 1.12 “Termination Date” means the effective date as provided in this Agreement of the termination of Employee’s employment with the Company. Section 2. Term 2.1 Subject to Section 2.2, the term of this Agreement (the “Term”) shall be a period of one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date. 2.2 The Term shall be automatically extended for successive one (1) year periods unless either party to this Agreement provides the other party with notice of termination at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of any one-year period thereafter. Section 3. Termination of Employment 3.1 The Company may terminate Employee’s employment at any time for Cause, effective upon written notice to Employee specifying in reasonable detail the particulars of Employee’s conduct deemed by the Company and/or such subsidiary to justify such termination for Cause. 3.2 The Company may terminate Employee’s employment without Cause at any time, effective upon written notice to Employee of termination specifying that such termination is without Cause. 3.3 Employee may terminate Employee’s employment with the Company at any time, with or without Good Reason. Section 4. Separation Benefits 4.1 If Employee’s employment is terminated by the Company for any reason other than for Cause, death or disability and Section 4.2 does not apply, Employee shall be entitled to the following separation benefits: (a) The Company shall pay, or cause to be paid, to Employee within 30 days of the Termination Date (i) the full base salary earned by Employee through, but unpaid at, the Termination Date, plus (ii) credit for any vacation earned by Employee but not used at the Termination Date, plus (iii) all other amounts owed by the Company to Employee (other than any bonus payment of any kind) but unpaid as of the Termination Date. (b) The Company shall pay, or cause to be paid, to Employee (i) in a lump sum not later than thirty (30) days after the Termination Date an amount equal to 100% of the sum of (A) Employee’s base annual salary at the highest rate in effect at any time during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the Termination Date, and (B) Employee’s targeted bonus for the current year, and (ii) Employee’s targeted bonus payment for the year of termination prorated to the Termination Date. (d) The restrictions applicable to each share of non-vested restricted stock of Brown Shoe held by Employee that would have vested within the two (2) year period following the Termination Date had Employee remained employed by the Company shall lapse as of the Termination Date. (e) Each non-vested option to purchase Brown Shoe stock held by Employee that would have vested within the two (2) year period following the Termination Date had Employee remained employed by the Company shall vest as of the Termination Date. (f) The Company shall pay the reasonable costs of outplacement services selected by the Company for a reasonable period of time following the Termination Date; provided, however, that no such outplacement services shall be provided after the last day of the second calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs. 4.2 If Employee’s employment is terminated within twenty-four (24) months after a Change of Control (x) by the Company for any reason other than for Cause, death or disability, or (y) by Employee within ninety (90) days after the occurrence of Good Reason, Employee shall be entitled to the following separation benefits in place of, and not in addition to, the benefits set forth in Section 4.1: (a) The Company shall pay, or cause to be paid, to Employee within 30 days of the Termination Date (i) the full base salary earned by Employee through, but unpaid at, the Termination Date, plus (ii) credit for any vacation earned by Employee but not taken at the Termination Date, plus (iii) all other amounts owed by the Company to Employee (other than any bonus payment of any kind) but unpaid as of the Termination Date. (b) The Company shall pay, or cause to be paid, to Employee (i) in a lump sum six (6) months after the Termination Date an amount equal to 200% of the sum of (A) Employee’s base annual salary at the highest rate in effect at any time during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the Termination Date, and (B) Employee’s targeted bonus for the current year; and (ii) Employee’s targeted bonus payment for the year of termination prorated to the Termination Date. (d) The restrictions applicable to each share of non-vested restricted stock of Brown Shoe held by Employee shall lapse and be exercisable as of the Termination Date. (e) Each non-vested option to purchase Brown Shoe stock held by Employee shall vest and be exercisable as of the Termination Date. (f) For purposes of determining Employee’s benefit under the Company’s Supplemental Employment Retirement Plan, an additional two (2) years of Credited Service shall be credited to Employee’s actual or deemed Credited Service. (g) The Company shall pay the reasonable costs of outplacement services selected by the Company for a reasonable period of time following the Termination Date; provided, however, that no such outplacement services shall be provided after the last day of the second calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs. Section 5. Mitigation or Reduction of Benefits Employee shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in Section 4 by seeking other employment or otherwise.  Except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, the amount of any payment or benefits provided in Section 4 shall not be reduced by any compensation or benefits or other amounts paid to or earned by Employee as the result of employment by another employer after the Termination Date or otherwise. Section 6. Employee Expenses After Change in Control Section 7. Release Section 8. Certain Additional Payments (a) give the Company any information reasonably requested by the Company relating to such claim; (b) take such action in connection with contesting such claim as the Company shall reasonably request in writing from time to time, including, without limitation, accepting legal representation with respect to such claim by an attorney reasonably selected by the Company; (c) cooperate with the Company in good faith in order to effectively contest such claim; and (d) permit the Company to participate in any proceedings relating to such claim; Section 9. Covenant Not to Compete 9.1 During Employee’s employment with Brown Shoe and/or any Business Unit and for a period of one (1) year after the Termination Date if termination is pursuant to Sections 4.1 or 4.3, or for two (2) years after the Termination Date if termination is pursuant to Section 4.2 (the “Restricted Period”), Employee will not, directly or indirectly, on Employee’s own behalf or on behalf of any other Person (whether as owner, partner, consultant, employee or otherwise): (a) provide any executive, managerial, supervisory, and/or consulting services with respect to the footwear industry and/or the footwear business in the United States for any Competitor; (b) hold any executive, managerial and/or supervisory position with any Competitor in the United States; (c) assist any Competitor in competing against Brown Shoe and/or any Business Unit for which Employee performs or performed substantial work and/or has or had access to Confidential Information (each a “Relevant Business Unit”) (i) in the United States and/or (ii) in any other country in which Brown Shoe and/or any Relevant Business Unit is doing business in the one year immediately preceding the Termination Date (each a “Foreign Country”) if Employee had access to Confidential Information regarding the Company’s business in such Foreign Country; (d) engage in any research, development and/or planning activities or efforts for a Competitor, whether as an employee, consultant, independent contractor or otherwise, to assist the Competitor in competing (i) in the footwear industry in the United States or (ii) in any Foreign Country if Employee had access to Confidential Information regarding the Company’s business in such Foreign Country; (e) cause or attempt to cause any Customer to divert, terminate, limit, modify or fail to enter into any existing or potential relationship with Brown Shoe and/or any Relevant Business Unit; (f) assist any Competitor in connection with any plan, effort, activity or undertaking to cause or attempt to cause any Customer to divert, terminate, limit, modify or fail to enter into any existing or potential relationship with Brown Shoe and/or any Relevant Business Unit; (g) cause or attempt to cause any footwear supplier or manufacturer of Brown Shoe and/or any Relevant Business Unit to divert, terminate, limit, modify or fail to enter into any existing or potential relationship with Brown Shoe and/or any Relevant Business Unit; (h) assist any Competitor in connection with any plan, effort, activity or undertaking to cause or attempt to cause any footwear supplier or manufacturer of Brown Shoe and/or any Relevant Business Unit to divert, terminate, limit, modify or fail to enter into any existing or potential relationship with Brown Shoe and/or any Relevant Business Unit; and/or (i) solicit, entice, employ or seek to employ, in the footwear industry, any executive, managerial and/or supervisory employee of, or any consultant or advisor to, Brown Shoe and/or any Relevant Business Unit. 9.3 Employee agrees to disclose, during the Restricted Period, the terms of this Section 9 to any potential future employer. Section 10. Confidential Information. 10.1 Employee acknowledges and agrees that during Employee’s employment, Employee has been and/or will be provided and have access to certain Confidential Information of the Company.  Employee agrees to keep secret and confidential, and not to use or disclose to any third-parties, except as directly required for Employee to perform Employee's employment responsibilities for the Company, any of the Company’s Confidential Information. 10.2 Confidential Information includes all confidential and/or trade secret information of the Company (regardless of the form or medium in which it may exist or be stored or preserved) and includes, but is not limited to, all such information containing or reflecting any: (a) lists or other identification of customers or prospective customers of Brown Shoe and/or any Relevant Business Unit (and/or key individuals employed or engaged by such parties); (b) lists or other identification of sources or prospective sources of Brown Shoe’s and/or any Relevant Business Unit’s products or components thereof (and/or key individuals employed or engaged by such parties); (c) compilations, information, designs, drawings, files, formulae, lists, machines, maps, methods, models, notes or other writings, plans, records, regulatory compliance procedures, reports, specialized or technical data, schematics, source code, object code, documentation, and software relating to the development, manufacture, fabrication, assembly, marketing and/or sale of Brown Shoe’s and/or any Relevant Business Unit’s products; (d) financial, distribution, sales and marketing information, data, plans, and/or strategies of Brown Shoe and/or any Relevant Business Unit; (e) equipment, materials, procedures, processes, and techniques used in, or related to, the development, manufacture, assembly, fabrication or other production and quality control of the Brown Shoe’s and/or any Relevant Business Unit’s products and services; (f) Brown Shoe’s and/or any Relevant Business Unit’s relations and/or dealings with its customers, prospective customers, suppliers and prospective suppliers and the nature and type of products or services rendered to such customers (or proposed to be rendered to prospective customers); (g) Brown Shoe’s and/or any Relevant Business Unit’s relations with its employees (including, without limitation, salaries, job classifications and skill levels); and (h) any other information designated by Brown Shoe and/or any Relevant Business Unit to be confidential, secret and/or proprietary (including without limitation, information provided by customers or suppliers of Brown Shoe and/or any Relevant Business Unit). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term “Confidential Information” shall not consist of any data or other information which has been made publicly available or otherwise placed in the public domain other than by Employee in violation of this Agreement. 10.3 Employee will not, directly or indirectly, copy, reproduce or otherwise duplicate, record, abstract, summarize or otherwise use for Employee or use for, or disclose to, any party other than Brown Shoe, or any subsidiary or affiliate of Brown Shoe, any Confidential Information, without Brown Shoe’s prior written permission or except as required for the proper performance of Employee’s duties on behalf of the Company. 10.4 Employee understands that Confidential Information may or may not be labeled as “confidential” and will treat all information as confidential unless otherwise informed by Brown Shoe. 10.5 At the termination of Employee’s employment with the Company or at any other time Brown Shoe or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof may request, Employee shall promptly deliver to Brown Shoe all documents and other materials, whether in physical or electronic form (including all copies thereof), containing any Confidential Information. Section 11. Injunctive Relief Section 12. Miscellaneous 12.1 No Disparagement.  Employee agrees not to make any statement, verbal or written, which disparages the Employer, its services or products, or its current or former officers, directors, and employees. 12.2 Notice.  All notices hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (a) when delivered personally or by courier, or (b) when received by facsimile (including electronic mail), receipt confirmed, or (c) on the third business day following the mailing thereof by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, or (d) on the first business day following the mailing thereof by overnight delivery service, in each case addressed as set forth below: If to the Company: Brown Shoe Company, Inc. 8300 Maryland Avenue St. Louis, Missouri  63105 Attention:  General Counsel If to Employee: Mark D. Lardie Any party may change the address to which notices are to be addressed by giving the other party written notice in the manner herein set forth. 12.3 Successors; Binding Agreement. (c) This Agreement is personal to Employee and Employee may not assign or delegate any part of Employee’s rights or duties hereunder to any other person, except that this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Employee’s legal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs and beneficiaries. 12.4 Judicial Modification.  If and to the extent that any Section, term and/or provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable under applicable law, then such Section(s), term(s) and/or provision(s) shall not be void but instead shall be modified and, to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law, enforced. 12.5 Headings.  The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 12.6 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 12.8 Entire Agreement.  This instrument constitutes the entire agreement of the parties in this matter and shall supersede any other agreement between the parties, oral or written, concerning the same subject matter. 12.9 Amendment.  Subject to Section 12.44, no modification, amendment or waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing specifically referring hereto, and signed by the parties hereto.       12.11  409A Compliance.  With respect to those amounts payable hereunder which are subject to Code Section 409A, this Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner so as to be consistent with such provision and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.  The Company may modify the Agreement to the extent necessary to prevent a benefit or payment from being subject to a tax due to noncompliance with Code Section 409A. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Employee and Brown Shoe have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. EX-10.17 5 bws10k2009ex10_17.htm EXH 10.17  bws10k2009ex10_17.htm    Form of Agreement to Certain Severance Agreements Dear Name: Section 409A to the Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”) imposes significant limitations on amounts that are considered nonqualified deferred compensation (“NDC”).  Some payments under your Severance Agreement may be subject to these rules.  Therefore, in order to avoid potential negative tax implications to you, we must amend your Severance Agreement to ensure compliance with 409A. In addition, the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) recently amended the rules governing the deductibility of compensation paid to top executives of a publicly traded company.  In general, IRC Section 162(m) provides that annual compensation in excess of $1 million is not deductible.  Performance based compensation, however, is not subject to the $1 million limitation.  To ensure payments made in connection with the bonus program are considered to be performance based compensation, we need to make revisions to your agreement. Accordingly, in light of the 409A and 162(m) rules’ possible impact on your severance benefits, your Severance Agreement is amended as follows: 1.12           “Termination Date” means the effective date as provided in this Agreement of the termination of Employee’s employment with the Company.  Employee will have a termination of employment only if he has a separation from service determined based on all of the facts and circumstances and in accordance with the rules and regulations issued by the Treasury Department under Code Section 409A. Section 6.                      Employee Expenses After Change in Control Section 7.                      Release Please indicate your agreement to the terms set forth above by signing a copy of this letter and returning it to me      /s/ Sarah Stephenson Sarah Stephenson Vice President Total Rewards EX-21 6 bws10k2009ex21.htm EXH 21  bws10k2009ex21.htm    SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT BROWN SHOE COMPANY, INC. January 30, 2010 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (Continued) Brown Group Retail, Inc. does business under the following names: Brown Shoe Closet Factory Brand Shoes Famous Footwear Naturalizer Outlet Supermarket of Shoes Via Spiga Brown Shoe Company of Canada Ltd does business under the following names: F. X. LaSalle Naturalizer Outlet EX-23 7 bws10k2009ex23.htm EXH 23  bws10k2009ex23.htm    Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following registration statements of Brown Shoe Company, Inc. of our reports dated March 31, 2010, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Brown Shoe Company, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Brown Shoe Company, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended January 30, 2010. /s/ Ernst & Young LLP   St. Louis, Missouri March 31, 2010 EX-31.1 8 bws10k2009ex31_1.htm EXH 31.1  bws10k2009ex31_1.htm    I, Ronald A. Fromm, certify that: EX-31.2 9 bws10k2009ex31_2.htm EXH 31.2  bws10k2009ex31_2.htm    I, Mark E. Hood, certify that: EX-32.1 10 bws10k2009ex32_1.htm EXH 32.1  bws10k2009ex32_1.htm    Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Brown Shoe Company, Inc. (the “Registrant”) on Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2010, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”), we, Ronald A. Fromm, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, and Mark E. Hood, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, certify, to the best of our knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
