UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C.  20549 FORM 10-K [ X ] Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010 [    ] Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Commission file number    1-7784 CENTURYLINK, INC. (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code - (318) 388-9000 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  Stock Options (Title of class) Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.      Yes [X]       No [   ] Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.         Yes [   ]       No [X] Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant  was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.       Yes [X]         No [   ] Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule  405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).         Yes [X]   No [  ] Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy  or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    [  ] Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See definition of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated  filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  (Check one): Large accelerated filer [X]                                                                  Accelerated filer [  ]                                            Non-accelerated filer [  ]                 160;                                 Smaller reporting company [  ] Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).          Yes [   ]         No [X] The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates (affiliates being for these purposes only directors, executive officers and holders of more than five percent of our outstanding voting  securities) was $8.7 billion as of June 30, 2010.  As of February 28, 2011, there were 305,609,343 shares of the Registrant’s common stock outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: Portions of the Registrant’s Proxy Statement to be furnished in connection with the 2011 annual meeting of shareholders are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report. Table of Contents PART I General.    CenturyLink, together with its subsidiaries, is an integrated communications company engaged primarily in providing a broad array of communications services, including voice, Internet, data and video services.  We strive to maintain our customer relationships by, among other things, bundling our service offerings to provide a complete offering of integrated communications services.  We primarily conduct our operations in 33 states located within the continental United States. At December 31, 2010, our incumbent local exchange telephone subsidiaries operated approximately 6.5 million telephone access lines in 33 states, with over 75% of these lines located in Florida, North Carolina, Missouri, Nevada, Ohio, Wisconsin, Virginia, Texas, Pennsylvania, and Alabama.  According to published sources, we are currently the fourth largest local exchange telephone company in the United States based on the number of access lines served. We also provide fiber transport, wholesale communications services, competitive local exchange carrier service, security monitoring and other communications, professional and business information services in certain local and regional markets. For information on the amount of revenue derived by our various lines of services, see “Operations - Services” below and Item 7 of this annual report.  The financial information included in this Item 1 should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified by reference to, our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto in Item 8 and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 of this annual report. See Item 1A, Risk Factors, for additional information concerning the pending acquisition of Qwest.  Additional information about Qwest is included in documents filed by it with the SEC.  See “Where to find additional information” below. See Item 1A, Risk Factors, for additional information concerning the acquisition of Embarq.  Additional information about Embarq is included elsewhere herein and in documents that it previously filed with the SEC.  See “Where to find additional information” below. Other recently completed acquisitions.    On April 30, 2007, we acquired all of the outstanding stock of Madison River Communications Corp. (“Madison River”) for approximately $322 million cash.  In connection with the acquisition, we also paid all of Madison River’s existing indebtedness (including accrued interest), which approximated $522 million.  At the time of this acquisition, Madison River operated approximately 164,000 predominantly rural access lines in four states. In June 2005, we acquired fiber assets in 16 metropolitan markets from KMC Telecom Holdings, Inc. for approximately $75.5 million cash, which has enabled us to offer broadband and competitive local exchange services to customers in these markets.   During 2008, we sold the assets in six of these markets in two separate transactions. We also acquired approximately 660,000, 490,000 and 650,000 telephone access lines in transactions completed in 1997, 2000 and 2002, respectively, each of which substantially expanded our operations.  The 2002 acquisition of telephone access lines was funded primarily from proceeds received from the sale of substantially all of our wireless operations in August 2002.  In addition, in 2003 we acquired fiber transport assets in the central United States that enabled us to significantly expand our wholesale data transport services. Where to find additional information.    We make available all of our filings with the SEC (including Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K) on our website (www.centurylink.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after we complete such filings with the SEC.  These documents may also be obtained from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.  You may obtain copies of Embarq’s previous filings with the SEC from our website or the SEC’s website.  You may obtain copies of Qwest’s SEC filings from Qwest's website or the SEC’s website. In connection with filing this annual report, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer made the certifications regarding our financial disclosures required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and the Act’s related regulations.  In addition, during 2010 our chief executive officer certified to the New York Stock Exchange that he was unaware of any violation by us of the New York Stock Exchange’s corporate governance listing standards. We were incorporated under Louisiana law in 1968 to serve as a holding company for several telephone companies acquired over the previous 15 to 20 years. Our principal executive offices are located at 100 CenturyLink Drive, Monroe, Louisiana 71203 and our telephone number is (318) 388-9000. According to published sources, our acquisition of Embarq on July 1, 2009 positioned us as the fourth largest local exchange telephone company in the United States, based on the approximately 6.5 million access lines we served at December 31, 2010, all of which are digitally switched. If and when we complete our pending Qwest acquisition, it will result in material changes to our operations, including changes similar to those listed above and changes in our mix of product and service offerings. The following table lists information (rounded to the nearest thousand lines) regarding our access lines as of December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009.     The following table summarizes certain information related to our customer base, operating revenues and capital expenditures for the past five years.  The 2010 and 2009 information includes the impact of the Embarq operations we acquired on July 1, 2009.  Periods subsequent to April 30, 2007 include the impact of the Madison River properties we acquired on April 30, 2007. We derive revenue from providing (i) local exchange and long distance voice telephone services, (ii) data services, including high-speed Internet services, as well as special access and private line services, (iii) wholesale local network access services, and (iv) other related services (as more fully described below). The following table reflects the percentage of operating revenues derived from each of these services: We offer a range of data services to businesses, long distance carriers, wireless carriers and CLECs.  Our special access data service consists of providing dedicated circuits connecting other carriers’ networks to their customers’ locations, wireless carriers’ cell towers to mobile switching centers, or business customers to our network.  Although the traffic handled through special access facilities may include voice as well as data, we report revenues associated with special access as data revenue. Pursuant to the Telecommunications Act of 1996, we offer certain network facilities to CLEC’s on a resale or unbundled basis and allow them to collocate certain of their equipment in our central offices.  The FCC sets general guidelines for pricing of resale, unbundled network elements and collocation agreements, while the state regulatory authorities approve the actual prices charged. We sell fiber capacity to other carriers and businesses over a network that encompassed, at December 31, 2010, approximately 13,900 miles of fiber in the central United States.  We began our fiber transport business during 2001 and expanded it by acquiring various fiber transport assets in 2003 and 2007, which enabled us to expand our fiber network business and further reduce our reliance on third-party transport providers. During 2008, we paid an aggregate of approximately $149 million for 69 licenses in the FCC’s auction of 700 megahertz wireless spectrum.  Our plan has been to use the spectrum to develop wireless voice and data service capabilities in our markets, built upon LTE (Long-Term Evolution) technology.  The LTE network deployment plans of larger wireless carriers are driving most vendor activity, including the availability of handsets and other end-user devices.  Therefore, we are monitoring their deployment efforts to help shape our plans for moving forward.  From time to time, we also make investments in other communications companies. For further information on regulatory, technological and competitive changes that could impact our revenues, see “Regulation and Competition” under this Item 1 below and “Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements” under Item 1A below.  For more information on the financial contributions of our various services, see Item 7 of this annual report. Recent Product Developments In late 2010, we signed an agency agreement with DIRECTV that allows us to offer its satellite television service to our residential customers throughout our 33-state service area.  Between 2005 and late 2010, we had a similar arrangement with DISH Network Corporation to offer similar services.     Pursuant to a five-year agency agreement with Verizon Wireless entered into in late 2010, we plan to market, sell and bill for Verizon wireless voice services under its brand name, primarily to customers who buy these services as part of a bundle including one or more of our other products and services.  Subject to several exceptions, we are prohibited under the agreement from (i) selling any other wireless services in Verizon Wireless’ markets on behalf of a third party and (ii) engaging in certain other competitive activities. Federal Financing Programs Some of our telephone subsidiaries receive long-term financing from the Rural Utilities Service, a federal agency that has historically provided long-term financing to telephone companies at relatively attractive interest rates.  For additional information regarding our financings, see our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 herein. Sales and Marketing Following our acquisition of Embarq on July 1, 2009, we began using the trade name “CenturyLink.”  We formally changed our legal name to “CenturyLink, Inc.” in May 2010 upon approval of the name change by our shareholders.  In addition, our satellite television service is offered on a co-branded basis under the “DIRECTV” name.  Our switched digital television service offering is branded under the name “PRISM”.  The wireless service that we plan to offer under our agency agreement with Verizon Wireless will be marketed under the Verizon brand name. We maintain local offices in most of the larger population centers within our service territories.  These offices provide sales and customer support services in the community.  We also rely on our call center personnel to promote sales of services that meet the needs of our customers.  Our strategy is to enhance our communications services by offering comprehensive bundling of services and deploying new technologies to build upon the strong reputation we enjoy in our markets and to further enhance customer loyalty. Network Architecture In our markets, high-speed Internet-enabled technologies are being deployed to provide significant broadband capacity to our customers.  We continue to expand and enhance the capabilities of our network to offer high-speed Internet service to more customers.  At the end of 2010, approximately 92% of our access lines were capable of providing high-speed Internet service to our customers. We also maintain networks in connection with providing fiber transport and CLEC services. Rapid and significant changes in technology are expected in the communications industry.  Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and adapt to technological changes. Regulation and Competition Relating to Incumbent Local Exchange Operations Under state law, our telephone operating subsidiaries are typically governed by laws and regulations that (i) regulate the purchase and sale of LECs, (ii) prescribe depreciation rates and certain accounting procedures, (iii) require LECs to provide service under publicly-filed tariffs setting forth the terms, conditions and prices of regulated services, (iv) limit LECs’ ability to borrow and establish asset liens (v) regulate transactions between LECs and their affiliates, and (vi) impose various other service standards. For a discussion of legislative, regulatory and technological changes that have introduced competition into the local exchange industry, see “Developments Affecting Competition.” Federal regulation. Our telephone subsidiaries are required to comply with the Communications Act of 1934, which requires us to offer services at just and reasonable rates and on non-discriminatory terms, as well as the Telecommunications Act of 1996, which amended the Communications Act to promote competition. The FCC requires price-cap regulation of interstate access rates for the Regional Bell Operating Companies, and permits it for all other LECs. Under price-cap regulation, limits imposed on a company’s interstate rates are adjusted periodically to reflect inflation, productivity improvement and changes in certain non-controllable costs.  On July 1, 2009, we converted substantially all of our remaining rate-of-return study areas to price cap regulation.  In addition, all of the properties we acquired from Embarq operate under price- cap regulation. The FCC is currently reviewing the rates and terms under which ILECs provide special access services.  The FCC is also reviewing requests by some other carriers to order reductions in some or all ILECs’ rates for special access services.  It is uncertain whether or how the FCC might order changes in how special access services are regulated, or in the rates ILECs are able to charge for them.  If the FCC were to adopt significant changes in regulations affecting special access services, the proceeding could have an impact on our provision and pricing of special access services. For several years, we have been working with other carriers to develop proposals that would advance universal broadband deployment while reforming intercarrier compensation and universal service funding at the same time and we plan to continue these efforts.  We cannot predict what part, if any, of these proposals will ultimately be adopted. Several states in which we operate have established their own universal service programs.  In 2010, we received support totaling approximately $118.9 million from various state universal service programs (or approximately 27.6% of our total federal and state support payments), with the largest amounts received in Texas, Louisiana and Kansas.  Several states have recently implemented and expanded state universal service programs and several are currently reviewing their state universal service fund programs, which could change the support we receive. Some of our telephone subsidiaries operate in states where traditional cost recovery mechanisms, including rate structures, are under evaluation or have been modified. See “ State Regulation.”  There can be no assurance that these states will continue to provide for cost recovery at current levels. Developments affecting competition.  Over the past decade, fundamental technological, regulatory and legislative changes have significantly impacted the communications industry, and we expect these changes will continue.  Primarily as a result of regulatory and technological changes, competition has been introduced and encouraged in each sector of the communications industry in recent years.  As a result, we increasingly face competition from other communication service providers, as further described below. As a result of these regulatory, consumer and technological developments, ILECs also face competition from CLECs, particularly in densely populated areas.  CLECs provide competing services through reselling the ILECs’ local services, through use of the ILECs’ unbundled network elements or through their own facilities. As noted above, wireless and other competitive services providers have been increasingly aggressive in seeking and obtaining USF support funds.  This support is likely to encourage additional competitors to enter our high-cost service areas. Technological developments have led to the development of new services that compete with traditional ILEC services.  Technological improvements have enabled cable television companies to provide traditional circuit-switched telephone service over their cable networks, and several national cable companies have aggressively pursued this opportunity.  As of December 31, 2010, we believe that approximately 70% of our access lines faced competition from cable voice offerings. Our industry has witnessed an increase in disputes about the intercarrier compensation rules applicable to various categories of traffic exchanged between carriers.  These disputes are subject to review by the FCC, state commissions and federal courts.  Rulings in such proceedings, whether or not we are a party, may influence our exposure to disputes about our wholesale charges or to claims against us for prior wholesale billings.  We cannot assure you that regulatory or court rulings on such issues will not have a material adverse effect on us or our industry. Similar to us, many cable, technology or other communications companies that previously offered a limited range of services are now offering diversified bundles of services, either through their own networks, reselling arrangements or joint ventures.  As such, a growing number of companies are competing to serve the communications needs of the same customer base.   Such activities will continue to place downward pressure on the demand for our access lines and the pricing of our services. Significant competitive factors in the local telephone industry include pricing, packaging of services and features, quality and convenience of service and meeting customer needs such as simplified billing and timely response to service calls. We anticipate that the traditional operations of LECs will continue to be impacted by changes in regulation, technology, and consumer preferences affecting the ability of LECs to attract and retain customers and the capability of wireless companies, CLECs, cable television companies, VoIP providers, electric utilities and others to provide competitive LEC services. Competition relating to traditional LEC services has thus far affected large urban areas to a greater extent than less dense areas. Exclusive of acquisitions, we expect our operating revenues in 2011 to decline as we continue to experience downward pressure primarily due to continued access line losses, reduced universal service funding and lower network access revenues.   We expect such declines to be partially offset primarily due to increased demand for our high-speed Internet service offering and special access services. Regulation and Competition Relating to Other Operations Environmental Compliance Patents, Trademarks and Licenses We own several patents, patent applications, trade names, service marks and trademarks in the U.S., including our “CenturyLink” and “PRISM” brand names.  Our services often use the intellectual property of others, including licensed software.  We occasionally license our intellectual property to others. We have incurred claims in the past, and may in the future incur claims alleging that we infringe on the intellectual property of others.  These claims can be time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management resources.  If these claims are successful, we could be forced to pay significant damages or stop selling certain products or services. OTHER DEVELOPMENTS OR MATTERS In recent years, our board of directors has approved various stock repurchase programs under which we have repurchased approximately $401.0 million, $186.7 million, $437.5 million, $1.028 billion and $503.9 million of our shares under separate repurchase programs approved in February 2004, February 2005, May 2005, February 2006 and August 2007, respectively.  For additional information, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources” included in Item 7 of this annual report. In June 2008, our board of directors increased our quarterly cash dividend rate from $.0675 to $.70 per share and in February 2010 our board further increased our quarterly dividend to $.725 per share.  See “Risk Factors” below for additional information regarding our current dividend practice. For additional information concerning our business and properties, see Items 2 and 7 elsewhere herein, and the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes 2, 3, 5, 6 and 18 thereto set forth in Item 8 elsewhere herein. RISK FACTORS AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS Risk Factors Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or prospects.  The risks described below are not the only risks facing us.  Please be aware that additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial could also materially and adversely affect our business operations. Risks Related to Our Business If we continue to experience access line losses similar to the past several years, our revenues, earnings and cash flows may be adversely impacted. Our business generates a substantial portion of its revenues by delivering voice and data services over access lines.  We have experienced substantial access line losses over the past several years due to a number of factors, including increased competition and wireless and broadband substitution.  We expect to continue to experience access line losses in our markets for the foreseeable future.  Our inability to retain access lines could adversely impact our revenues, earnings and cash flow from operations. We face competition, which we expect to intensify and which may reduce market share and lower profits. Competition could adversely impact us in several ways, including (i) the loss of customers and market share, (ii) the possibility of customers reducing their usage of our services or shifting to less profitable services, (iii) reduced traffic on our networks, (iv) our need to expend substantial time or money on new capital improvement projects, (v) our need to lower prices or increase marketing expenses to remain competitive and (vi) our inability to diversify by successfully offering new products or services. Changes in technology could harm us. We cannot assure you that our diversification efforts will be successful. Future deterioration in our financial performance could adversely impact our credit ratings, our cost of capital and our access to the capital markets. Our ability to attract more customers or expand our services may be constrained. To partially offset the loss of revenues from declining access lines, we have relied over the past several years upon growth in the number of customers subscribing to our long distance, broadband and enhanced telephone service offerings.  As increasing numbers of our existing or potential customers have subscribed to these services over the past several years, the growth rate in our revenues derived therefrom has slowed.  We expect this trend to continue as we increasingly saturate our markets with these services. Weakness in the economy and capital markets may adversely affect our future results of operations. We are also exposed to market risk from changes in the fair value of our pension plan assets.  Should our actual return on plan assets be significantly lower than our anticipated return, our net periodic pension expense and our required cash contribution to our pension plan will increase in future periods.  Such events would negatively impact our results of operations and cash flow. We may not be able to continue to grow through acquisitions. Our future results will suffer if we do not effectively adjust to changes in our business, and will further suffer if we do not effectively manage our expanded operations. The above-described changes in our industry have placed a higher premium on marketing, technological, engineering and provisioning skills.  Our acquisition of Embarq also significantly changed the composition of our markets and product mix, and completion of the pending Qwest merger would result in similar changes.  Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to retrain our staff to acquire or strengthen skills necessary to address these changes, and, where necessary, to attract and retain new personnel that possess these skills. Our relationships with other communications companies are material to our operations and expose us to a number of risks. We originate and terminate calls for long distance carriers and other interexchange carriers over our networks in exchange for access charges that represent a significant portion of our revenues. If these carriers go bankrupt or experience substantial financial difficulties, or are otherwise unable to or unwilling to pay our access charges, our inability to timely collect access charges from them could have a negative effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, certain of our operations carry a significant amount of voice and data traffic for larger communications companies.  As these larger communications companies consolidate or expand their networks, it is possible that they could transfer a significant portion of this traffic from our fiber network to their networks, which could have a negative effect on our business and results of operations. Network disruptions or system failures could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. To be successful, we will need to continue providing our customers with a high capacity, reliable and secure network.  Some of the risks to our network and infrastructure include: We face hurricane and other natural disaster risks, which can disrupt our operations and cause us to incur substantial additional capital costs. A substantial number of our access lines are located in Florida, Alabama, Louisiana, Texas, North Carolina, and South Carolina, and our operations there are subject to the risks associated with severe tropical storms, hurricanes and tornadoes, including downed telephone lines, power-outages, damaged or destroyed property and equipment, and work interruptions. Any failure or inadequacy of our information technology infrastructure could harm our business. We rely on a limited number of key suppliers and vendors to operate our business. We may not own or have a license to use all technology that may be necessary to expand our product offerings, either of which could adversely affect our business and profitability. Portions of our property, plant and equipment are located on property owned by third parties. Over the past few years, certain utilities, cooperatives and municipalities in certain of the states in which we operate have requested significant rate increases for attaching our plant to their facilities.  To the extent that these entities are successful in increasing the amount we pay for these attachments, our future operating costs will increase. In addition, we rely on rights-of-way, collocation agreements and other authorizations granted by governmental bodies and other third parties to locate our cable, conduit and other network equipment on their respective properties.  If any of these authorizations terminate or lapse, our operations could be adversely affected. We depend on key members of our senior management team. We could be affected by certain changes in labor matters. Risks Relating to Our Pending Acquisition of Qwest Our ability to complete the Qwest merger is subject to the receipt of consents and approvals from government entities, which may impose conditions that could have an adverse effect on us or could cause us to abandon the merger. We are unable to complete the merger until we receive approvals from the FCC and various state governmental entities.  In deciding whether to grant some of these approvals, the relevant governmental entity will make a determination of whether, among other things, the merger is in the public interest.  Regulatory entities may impose certain requirements or obligations as conditions for their approval or in connection with their review. The Qwest merger agreement may require us to accept conditions from these regulators that could adversely impact the combined company without us having the right to refuse to close the merger on the basis of those regulatory conditions.  We can provide no assurance that we will obtain the necessary approvals or that any required conditions will not materially adversely effect us following the merger.  In addition, we can provide no assurance that these conditions will not result in the abandonment of the merger. Failure to complete the Qwest merger could negatively impact us. If the merger is not completed, our ongoing businesses may be adversely affected and we will be subject to several risks, including the following: in each case, without realizing any of the benefits of having the merger completed. The Qwest merger agreement contains provisions that could discourage a potential acquirer of CenturyLink or could result in any proposal being at a lower price than it might otherwise be. The merger agreement contains “no shop” provisions that restrict our ability to solicit, encourage, facilitate or discuss third-party proposals to acquire all or a significant part of CenturyLink.  This and other provisions in the Qwest merger agreement could discourage a potential acquirer that might have an interest in acquiring all or a significant part of CenturyLink from considering or proposing that acquisition, or might result in a potential acquirer proposing to pay a lower price than it might otherwise have proposed to pay. The pendency of the Qwest merger could adversely affect our business and operations. We expect to incur substantial expenses related to the Qwest merger. Following the Qwest merger, the combined company may be unable to integrate successfully our business and Qwest’s business and realize the anticipated benefits of the merger. The Qwest merger involves the combination of two companies which currently operate as independent public companies.  The combined company will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of CenturyLink and Qwest. We may encounter difficulties in the integration process, including the following: For all these reasons, you should be aware that it is possible that the integration process could result in the distraction of the combined company’s management, the disruption of the combined company’s ongoing business or inconsistencies in the combined company’s products, services, standards, controls, procedures and policies, any of which could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers, vendors and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger, or could otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results. The Qwest merger will change the profile of our local exchange markets to include more large urban areas, with which we have limited operating experience. Following the Qwest merger, we may be unable to retain key employees. Our success after the merger will depend in part upon our ability to retain key Qwest and CenturyLink employees.  Key employees may depart either before or after the merger because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with us following the merger.  Accordingly, no assurance can be given that we will be able to retain key employees to the same extent that we or Qwest have been able to in the past. Following the Qwest merger, we will conduct branding or rebranding initiatives that are likely to involve substantial costs and may not be favorably received by customers. Any adverse outcome of the KPNQwest litigation or other material litigation of Qwest or CenturyLink could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results following the Qwest merger. As described in further detail in Qwest’s reports filed with the SEC, the pending KPNQwest litigation presents material and significant risks to Qwest, and, following the merger, to the combined company. In the aggregate, the plaintiffs in these matters have sought billions of dollars in damages. There are other material proceedings pending against Qwest and CenturyLink, as described in their respective reports filed with the SEC.  Depending on their outcome, any of these matters could have a material adverse effect on the financial position or operating results of Qwest, CenturyLink or, following the merger, the combined company.  We can give you no assurances as to the impact of these matters on our operating results or financial condition. Counterparties to certain significant agreements with Qwest may exercise contractual rights to terminate such agreements following the Qwest merger. We may be unable to obtain security clearances necessary to perform certain Qwest government contracts. Certain Qwest legal entities and officers have security clearances required for Qwest’s performance of customer contracts with various government entities.  Following the merger, it may be necessary for us to obtain comparable security clearances.  If we or our officers are unable to qualify for such security clearances, we may not be able to continue to perform such contracts. We cannot assure you whether, when or in what amounts we will be able to use Qwest’s net operating losses following the Qwest merger. The pending Qwest merger raises other risks. For information on other risks raised by the pending Qwest merger, please see (i) the risks described below under the heading “– Other Risks” and (ii) the joint proxy statement – prospectus filed by us with the SEC on July 19, 2010. Risks Related to our Acquisition of Embarq on July 1, 2009 We have not yet fully integrated Embarq’s operations into our operations, which involves several risks. In connection with completing the Embarq merger, we launched branding initiatives that may not be favorably received by customers. Upon completion of the Embarq merger, we changed our brand name to CenturyLink.  We have incurred substantial capital and operating costs in re-branding our products and services.  There is no assurance that we will be able to achieve name recognition or status under our new brand that is comparable to the recognition and status previously enjoyed.  The failure of these initiatives could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers after the merger, resulting in reduced revenues. In connection with approving the Embarq merger, the Federal Communications Commission imposed conditions that could increase our future capital costs and limit our operating flexibility. In connection with completing the Embarq merger, we assumed various contingent liabilities and a sizable underfunded pension plan of Embarq, which could negatively impact our future financial position or performance. Risks Related to Our Regulatory Environment Our revenues could be materially reduced or our expenses materially increased by changes in state or federal regulations. The majority of our revenues are substantially dependent upon regulations which, if changed, could result in material revenue reductions.  Laws and regulations applicable to us and our competitors have been and are likely to continue to be subject to ongoing changes and court challenges, which could also affect our financial performance. The FCC and Congress may take actions that would impact our video programming access and pricing, which could adversely affect our ability to continue to expand our video business and our competitive position in our existing video markets. The FCC’s National Broadband Plan released on March 16, 2010 seeks comprehensive changes in federal communications regulations and programs that could, among other things, reduce or eliminate USF and access revenues for our local exchange companies.  We cannot predict the ultimate outcome of this plan or provide any assurances that its implementation will not have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. Regulatory changes in the communications industry could adversely affect our business by facilitating greater competition against us. We are subject to significant regulations that limit our flexibility. We are subject to franchising requirements that could impede our expansion opportunities. We may be required to obtain from municipal authorities operating franchises to install or expand facilities.  Some of these franchises may require us to pay franchise fees.  These franchising requirements generally apply to our fiber transport and CLEC operations, and to our emerging switched digital television and wireless broadband businesses.  These requirements could delay us in expanding our operations or increase the costs of providing these services. We will be exposed to risks arising out of recent legislation affecting U.S. public companies, including risks relating to evaluations of controls required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Our current or prior operations could subject us to liabilities under laws governing the environment, health and safety. For a more thorough discussion of the regulatory issues that may affect our business, see Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other Risks We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and may need to incur more in the future. As a result of assuming Qwest’s indebtedness in connection with the pending Qwest merger, we will become more leveraged.  This could reduce our credit ratings and thereby raise our borrowing costs. Adverse changes in the value of assets or obligations associated with our employee benefit plans could negatively impact our financial results or financial position. We have a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets on our balance sheet.  If our goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings and reduce our stockholders’ equity. Under generally accepted accounting principles, intangible assets are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently whenever events or circumstances indicate that its carrying value may not be recoverable.  If our intangible assets are determined to be impaired in the future, we may be required to record a significant, non-cash charge to earnings during the period in which the impairment is determined. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue paying dividends at the current rate. Based on current circumstances, we plan to continue our current dividend practices.  However, you should be aware that these practices are subject to change for reasons that may include any of the following factors: Our Board of Directors is free to change or suspend our dividend practices at any time.  Our common shareholders should be aware that they have no contractual or other legal right to dividends. Our current dividend practices could limit our ability to pursue growth opportunities. As a holding company, we rely on payments from our operating companies to meet our obligations. If conditions or assumptions differ from the judgments, assumptions or estimates used in our critical accounting policies, the accuracy of our financial statements and related disclosures could be affected. Taxing authorities may determine we owe additional taxes relating to various matters, which could adversely affect our financial results. As a significant taxpayer, we are subject to frequent and regular audits and examinations by the Internal Revenue Service, as well as state and local tax authorities.  These tax audits and examinations may result in tax liabilities that differ materially from those that we have recorded in our consolidated financial statements.  Because the ultimate outcomes of these matters are uncertain, we can give no assurance as to whether an adverse result from one or more of them will have a material effect on our financial results. Our agreements and organizational documents and applicable law could limit another party’s ability to acquire us. Our articles of incorporation provide for a classified board of directors, which limits the ability of an insurgent to rapidly replace the board.  In addition, a number of other provisions in our agreements and organizational documents and various provisions of applicable law may delay, defer or prevent a future takeover of CenturyLink unless the takeover is approved by our Board of Directors.  This could deprive our shareholders of any related takeover premium. We face other risks. The list of risks above is not exhaustive, and you should be aware that we face various other risks discussed in this or other reports, proxy statements or documents filed by us with the SEC. Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Any information about our intentions contained in this annual report is a statement of our intentions as of the date of this document and is based upon, among other things, the regulatory, industry, competitive, economic and market conditions as of such date, as well as various of our assumptions at such time.  We may change our intentions, at any time and without notice, based upon any changes in such factors, in our assumptions or otherwise. Investors should also be aware that while we do, at various times, communicate with securities analysts, it is against our policy to disclose to them selectively any material non-public information or other confidential information.  Accordingly, investors should not assume that we agree with any statement or report issued by an analyst irrespective of the content of the statement or report.  To the extent that reports issued by securities analysts contain any projections, forecasts or opinions, such reports are not our responsibility. Not applicable. Our properties consist principally of telephone lines, central office equipment, and land and buildings related to telephone operations. As of December 31, 2010 and 2009, our gross property, plant and equipment of approximately $16.3 billion and $15.6 billion, respectively, consisted of the following: The properties of certain of our telephone subsidiaries are subject to mortgages securing the debt of such companies.  We own substantially all of the central office buildings, local administrative buildings, warehouses, and storage facilities used in our telephone operations. For further information on the location and type of our properties, see the descriptions of our operations in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) and is traded under the symbol CTL.  The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices, along with the quarterly dividends, for each of the quarters indicated. (1)  During the widely-publicized temporary market disruption that occurred on the afternoon of May 6, 2010, our common stock momentarily traded as low as $14.16 in markets other than the NYSE.  The opening and closing prices of our common stock on May 6, 2010, were $34.48 and $33.52, respectively. Common stock dividends during 2010 and 2009 were paid each quarter. In June 2008, our board of directors increased our quarterly cash dividend rate from $.0675 to $.70 per share.  In February 2010, our board of directors further increased our quarterly cash dividend rate to $.725 per share. As described in greater detail in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the declaration and payment of dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors, and will depend upon our financial results, cash requirements, future prospects and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. As of February 28, 2011, there were approximately 35,000 stockholders of record of our common stock.  As of February 28, 2011, the closing stock price of our common stock was $41.18. During the fourth quarter of 2010, we withheld 50,823 shares of stock at an average price of $43.07 per share to pay taxes due upon the vesting of restricted stock for certain of our employees in October, November and December 2010. For information regarding shares of our common stock authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans, see Item 12.             The following table presents certain selected consolidated financial data as of and for each of the years ended in the five-year period ended December 31, 2010.  The results of operations of the Embarq properties are included herein subsequent to its July 1, 2009 acquisition date. The selected consolidated financial data shown below is derived from our audited consolidated financial statements.  These historical results are not necessarily indicative of results that you can expect for any future period. You should read this data in conjunction with Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our full consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Selected Income Statement Data Selected Balance Sheet Data The following table presents certain selected consolidated operating data as of the following dates: (1)       In connection with our Embarq acquisition in July 2009, we acquired approximately 5.4 million telephone access lines and 1.5 million high-speed Internet customers.  In connection with our Madison River acquisition in April 2007, we acquired approximately 164,000 telephone access lines and 57,000 high-speed Internet customers. See Items 1 and 2 in Part I and Items 7 and 8 elsewhere herein for additional information. All references to “Notes” in this Item 7 refer to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this annual report. Based on current plans and information, we expect to incur approximately $80-90 million of additional non-recurring integration related operating expenses associated with our Embarq acquisition in 2011 and $400-500 million of non-recurring transaction and integration related operating expenses associated with our Qwest acquisition in 2011, although actual amounts could vary significantly. Upon the discontinuance of regulatory accounting effective July 1, 2009, we recorded a one-time, non-cash extraordinary gain that aggregated approximately $218.6 million before income tax expense and noncontrolling interests ($136.0 million after-tax and noncontrolling interests).  See Note 16 for additional information. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Operating income increased $826.8 million in 2010 due to a $2.067 billion increase in operating revenues and a $1.240 billion increase in operating expenses.  Operating income increased $511.7 million in 2009 due to a $2.374 billion increase in operating revenues and a $1.863 billion increase in operating expenses.  Such increases in operating revenues, operating expenses and operating income in 2010 and 2009 were substantially due to our July 1, 2009 acquisition of Embarq. OPERATING REVENUES Beginning in 2010, we have reclassified revenues generated from subscriber line charges to “Voice” revenues from “Network access” revenues to better align our presentation of such revenues with others in our industry and we have included revenues generated from our fiber transport, CLEC and security monitoring operations in “Other” revenues.  Prior periods have been adjusted to reflect the new presentation. Data revenues increased $678.1 million in 2009 due to $689.8 million of revenues attributable to Embarq.  Excluding Embarq, data revenues decreased $11.7 million due to a $51.4 million reduction due to the elimination of all intercompany transactions resulting from the discontinuance of regulatory accounting.  Such decrease was partially offset by a $38.5 million increase in DSL-related revenues primarily due to growth in the number of DSL customers in our incumbent markets. Network access revenues increased $151.8 million in 2010 and $276.9 million in 2009 due to the following factors: As mentioned above, upon the discontinuance of regulatory accounting effective July 1, 2009, we began eliminating all intercompany transactions with regulated affiliates that previously were not eliminated under the application of regulatory accounting. Other revenues increased $294.4 million in 2009, of which approximately $326.5 million related to our acquisition of Embarq.  Excluding Embarq, other revenues decreased $32.1 million primarily as a result of a $22.0 million reduction due to the elimination of all intercompany transactions resulting from the discontinuance of regulatory accounting and a $10.5 million decrease in certain non-regulated product sales and service offerings. OPERATING EXPENSES Other.   For additional information regarding certain matters that have impacted or may impact our operations, see “Regulation and Competition”. INTEREST EXPENSE Interest expense increased $187.1 million in 2010 compared to 2009 primarily due to interest expense attributable to Embarq’s indebtedness assumed in connection with our acquisition of Embarq. Interest expense increased $168.2 million in 2009 compared to 2008 primarily due to $179.9 million of interest expense attributable to Embarq’s indebtedness assumed in connection with our acquisition of Embarq.  The remaining $11.7 million decrease is primarily attributable to a $4.6 million decrease in interest expense due to favorable resolution of certain transaction tax audit issues and a $4.7 million one-time reduction in interest expense in 2009 related to debt extinguishment transactions consummated in October 2009.  See Note 6 for additional information. OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) Other income (expense) includes the effects of certain items not directly related to our core operations, including gains or losses from nonoperating asset dispositions and impairments, our share of the income from our 49% interest in a cellular partnership, interest income and allowance for funds used during construction.  Other income (expense) was $29.6 million for 2010 compared to $(48.2) million for 2009 and $42.3 million in 2008. INCOME TAX EXPENSE Income tax expense was reduced by approximately $15.7 million in 2009 and $12.8 million in 2008 due to the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits (see Critical Accounting Policies below and Note 13) and other adjustments upon finalization of tax returns.   EXTRAORDINARY ITEM Upon the discontinuance of regulatory accounting on July 1, 2009, we recorded a one-time extraordinary gain of approximately $136.0 million after-tax.  See Note 16 for additional information related to this extraordinary gain. ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES     Intangible and long-lived assets.  We are subject to testing for impairment of long-lived assets (including goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets) based on applicable accounting guidelines. The breakdown of our goodwill balances as of December 31, 2010 by reporting unit is as follows (amounts in thousands): We estimate the fair value of our other reporting units using various methods, including multiples of EBITDA (as described above) and multiples of revenues. As of September 30, 2010, we completed the required annual test of goodwill impairment and concluded that our goodwill was not impaired as of that date.  However, as of that date, the estimated fair value of the Southern region exceeded its carrying value by less than 10%.  Should events occur (such as continued access line losses or other revenue reductions) that would cause the fair value to decline below its carrying value, we may be required to record a non-cash charge to earnings during the period in which the impairment is determined.     The carrying value of long-lived assets other than goodwill is reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that such carrying amount cannot be recoverable by assessing the recoverability of the carrying value through estimated undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets.  If the undiscounted net cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss would be measured as the excess of the carrying value of a long-lived asset over its fair value.  Depreciation and amortization of long-lived assets.  Our depreciation of property, plant and equipment, including the use of group depreciation for our telephone operations and estimates of useful lives, is discussed in Note 1.  We assign useful lives based on annual studies of actual asset lives, taking into account actual usage, replacement history and assumptions about technology evolution and access line losses.  No significant changes to our remaining useful lives occurred as a result of our study performed in 2010. We periodically evaluate our intangible assets to insure that our current amortization method and remaining useful lives are appropriate.     For additional information on our critical accounting policies, see “Accounting Pronouncements” and “Regulation and Competition – Other Matters” below, and the Notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. MARKET RISK Certain shortcomings are inherent in the method of analysis presented in the computation of fair value of financial instruments.  Actual values may differ from those presented if market conditions vary from assumptions used in the fair value calculations.  The analysis above incorporates only those risk exposures that existed as of December 31, 2010. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Excluding cash used for acquisitions, we rely on cash provided by operations to fund our operating and capital expenditures as well as our dividend payments.   Our operations have historically provided a stable source of cash flow which has helped us continue our long-term program of capital improvements. On July 1, 2009, we consummated the acquisition of Embarq Corporation by issuing approximately $6.0 billion of CenturyLink common stock (valued as of June 30, 2009). We financed our merger transaction expenses with (i) available cash of the combined company and (ii) proceeds from CenturyLink’s and Embarq’s existing revolving credit facilities.  We acquired $76.9 million of cash in connection with our acquisition of Embarq. During 2008, we paid an aggregate of approximately $149 million for 69 licenses in the FCC’s auction of 700 megahertz wireless spectrum.  Our plan has been to use the spectrum to develop wireless voice and data service capabilities in our markets, built upon LTE (Long-Term Evolution) technology.  The LTE network deployment plans of larger wireless carriers are driving most vendor activity, including the availability of handsets and other end-user devices.  Therefore, we are monitoring their deployment efforts to help shape our plans for moving forward.  In anticipation of making lump sum distributions to certain participants of our SERP in early 2009, we liquidated our investments in marketable securities in the SERP trust during the second quarter of 2008 and thereby increased our cash and cash equivalents by $34.9 million.  As noted above, the lump sum distributions were paid in 2009 and aggregated approximately $54 million. In accordance with previously announced stock repurchase programs, we repurchased 9.7 million shares (for $347.3 million) in 2008. As of December 31, 2010, we had available two unsecured revolving credit facilities, (i) a five-year, $750 million facility of CenturyLink and (ii) an $800 million facility of Embarq.   As of December 31, 2010, we had approximately $365.0 million outstanding under these credit facilities (all of which related to CenturyLink’s facility). As was the case with our predecessor credit facilities, (i) outstanding letters of credit directly reduce the amount available for other extensions of credit under our new credit facility and (ii) outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program, which effectively cannot exceed the amount available under our new facility, effectively have the same result on our borrowing capacity under the new facility.  As of February 28, 2011, approximately $61 million of letters of credit were outstanding and no amounts were outstanding under our commercial paper program. The following table contains certain information concerning our material contractual obligations as of December 31, 2010. (1)  For additional information on the terms of our outstanding debt instruments, see Note 6. (2)  Represents the amount of tax and interest we would pay assuming we are required to pay the entire amount that we have reserved for our unrecognized tax benefits (see Note 13 for additional information).  The timing of any payments for our unrecognized tax benefits cannot be predicted with certainty; therefore, such amount is reflected in the “After 2015 and Other” column in the above table.     The following table reflects our debt to total capitalization percentage and ratio of earnings to fixed charges and preferred stock dividends as of and for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008.  The debt to total capitalization ratio for 2010 and 2009 reflects our Embarq acquisition.  The ratio of earnings to fixed charges and preferred stock dividends calculation for 2009 reflects the operations of Embarq only since July 1, 2009.   For purposes of the chart above, “earnings” consist of income before income taxes (before extraordinary item) and fixed charges, and “fixed charges” include our interest expense, including amortized debt issuance costs, and our preferred stock dividend costs. Our debt to capitalization percentage will increase upon acquiring Qwest, which has $11.947 billion of long-term debt at December 31, 2010. REGULATION AND COMPETITION     The communications industry continues to undergo various fundamental regulatory, legislative, competitive and technological changes.  These changes may have a significant impact on the future financial performance of all communications companies.     Events affecting the communications industry.  Wireless telephone services increasingly constitute a significant source of competition with ILEC services, especially since wireless carriers have begun to compete effectively on the basis of price with more traditional telephone services.  Similarly, the growing prevalence of electronic mail, text messaging, social networking, and similar digital communications continue to reduce the demand for traditional landline voice services.  We anticipate these trends will continue. During 2010, the FCC released its National Broadband Plan and adopted an order imposing “network neutrality” rules governing Internet services, both of which are discussed in further detail in Item 1 of this annual report.   As discussed further in such item, we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these actions, but believe that these and other FCC initiatives could have a material impact on our operations and those of other communications companies. Many cable, technology or other communication companies that previously offered a limited range of services are now, like us, offering diversified bundles of services.  As such, a growing number of companies are competing to serve the communications needs of the same customer base.  Several of these companies may be able to provide more comprehensive or less costly service bundles than ours.  Such activities will continue to place downward pressure on the demand for our access lines.     Recent events affecting us.  During the last few years, most of the states in which we provide telephone services have taken legislative or regulatory steps to further introduce competition into the ILEC business.  Excluding our pending acquisition of Qwest, we expect our operating revenues in 2011 to decline from 2010 levels as we continue to experience downward pressure primarily due to continued access line losses, reduced universal service funding and lower network access revenues.   We expect such revenue declines to be partially offset primarily due to increased demand for our high-speed Internet service offering and special access services. For a more complete description of regulation and competition impacting our operations and various attendant risks, please see Items 1 and 1A of this annual report. In the third quarter of 2009, we recorded a net non-cash extraordinary after-tax gain of approximately $136.0 million upon the discontinuance of regulatory accounting.  See Note 16 for additional information.     We have certain obligations based on federal, state and local laws relating to the protection of the environment.  Costs of compliance through 2010 have not been material, and we currently do not believe that such costs will become material. For information pertaining to the our market risk disclosure, see “Item 7 - Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Market Risk”. Report of Management The Shareholders CenturyLink, Inc.:     Management has prepared and is responsible for the integrity and objectivity of our consolidated financial statements.  The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and necessarily include amounts determined using our best judgments and estimates. Our consolidated financial statements have been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, who have expressed their opinion with respect to the fairness of the consolidated financial statements.  Their audit was conducted in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is composed of independent directors who are not officers or employees.  The Committee meets periodically with the external auditors, internal auditors and management.  The Committee considers the independence of the external auditors and the audit scope and discusses internal control, financial and reporting matters.  Both the external and internal auditors have free access to the Committee. /s/  R. Stewart Ewing, Jr. R. Stewart Ewing, Jr. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer March 1, 2011 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders CenturyLink, Inc.: We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2010, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated March 1, 2011 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. /s/ KPMG LLP KPMG LLP Shreveport, Louisiana March 1, 2011 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders CenturyLink, Inc.: Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2010, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of CenturyLink, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and stockholders’ equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2010 and our report dated March 1, 2011 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. /s/ KPMG LLP KPMG LLP Shreveport, Louisiana March 1, 2011 CENTURYLINK, INC. Consolidated Statements of Income See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. CENTURYLINK, INC. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. CENTURYLINK, INC. Consolidated Balance Sheets See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. CENTURYLINK, INC. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. CENTURYLINK, INC. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. CENTURYLINK, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2010 (1)           SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Principles of consolidation - Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of CenturyLink, Inc. (“CenturyLink”) and its majority-owned subsidiaries. Embarq acquisition - On July 1, 2009, we acquired Embarq Corporation (“Embarq”) through a merger transaction, with Embarq surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of CenturyLink.  The results of operations of Embarq are included in our consolidated results of operations beginning July 1, 2009.  See Note 2 for additional information related to the Embarq acquisition. Subsequent to the July 1, 2009 discontinuance of regulatory accounting, all intercompany transactions with affiliates have been eliminated from the consolidated financial statements.  Prior to July 1, 2009, intercompany transactions with regulated affiliates subject to regulatory accounting were not eliminated in connection with preparing the consolidated financial statements, as allowed by the provisions of regulatory accounting.   The amount of intercompany revenues and costs that were not eliminated related to the first half of 2009 approximated $114 million. Estimates - The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results may differ from those estimates. Allowance for doubtful accounts.  In evaluating the collectibility of our accounts receivable, we assess a number of factors, including a specific customer’s or carrier’s ability to meet its financial obligations to us, the length of time the receivable has been past due and historical collection experience.  Based on these assessments, we record both specific and general reserves for uncollectible accounts receivable to reduce the stated amount of applicable accounts receivable to the amount we ultimately expect to collect.     Non-telephone property is stated at cost and, when sold or retired, a gain or loss is recognized.  We depreciate such property on the straight line method over estimated service lives ranging from two to 35 years. We perform annual internal studies to determine the depreciable lives for our property, plant and equipment.  Our studies utilize models that take into account actual usage, replacement history and assumptions about technology evolution to estimate the remaining life of our asset base.  The changes in our estimates incorporated as a result of our 2010 internal study did not have a material impact on the level of our depreciation expense. Income taxes - We file a consolidated federal income tax return with our eligible subsidiaries.  We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are established for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.   We establish valuation allowances when necessary to reduce deferred income tax assets to the amounts that we believe are more likely than not to be recovered.   Stock-based compensation – We measure our cost of awarding employees with equity instruments based upon allocations of the fair value of the award on the grant date.  See Note 15 for additional information. Earnings per share – We determine basic earnings per share amounts on the basis of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the applicable accounting period.  Diluted earnings per share gives effect to all potential dilutive common shares that were outstanding during the period.  See Note 14 for additional information.      Cash equivalents - We consider short-term investments with a maturity at date of purchase of three months or less to be cash equivalents. In January 2010, we adopted the accounting standard update regarding fair value measurements and disclosures, which requires additional disclosures and explanations for transfers of financial assets and liabilities between certain levels in the fair value hierarchy.  The adoption of this accounting standard update did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Reclassifications – Certain amounts for prior periods have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation, including the reclassification of certain revenue components as more fully described in Note 20. (2)           EMBARQ ACQUISITION   Includes a fair value of $440 million assigned to accounts receivable which had a gross contractual value of $492 million as of July 1, 2009. The $52 million difference represents our best estimate as of July 1, 2009 of the contractual cash flows that would not be collected. We recognized approximately $88 million of liabilities arising from contingencies as of the acquisition date on the basis that it was probable that a liability had been incurred and the amount could be reasonably estimated.  Such contingencies primarily relate to transaction and property tax contingencies and contingencies arising from billing disputes with various parties in the communications industry. The following unaudited pro forma financial information presents the combined results of CenturyLink and Embarq as though the acquisition had been consummated as of January 1, 2009 and 2008, respectively, for the two periods presented below. During 2010 and 2009, we recognized an aggregate of approximately $121.7 million and $253.7 million, respectively, of integration, transaction and other costs related to the Embarq acquisition, including costs associated with system and customer conversions, employee-related severance and benefit costs, investment banker and legal fees associated with the merger closing, and branding costs associated with changing our trade name to CenturyLink. (3)           PENDING ACQUISITION OF QWEST Completion of the transaction is subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals, including approvals from the Federal Communications Commission and certain state public service commissions, as well as other customary closing conditions.  Subject to these conditions, we anticipate closing this transaction on April 1, 2011.  If the merger agreement is terminated under certain circumstances, we may be obligated to pay Qwest a termination fee of $350 million or Qwest may be obligated to pay CenturyLink a termination fee of $350 million. (4)           GOODWILL AND OTHER ASSETS            Goodwill and other assets at December 31, 2010 and 2009 were composed of the following: Our goodwill was derived from numerous previous acquisitions whereby the purchase price exceeded the fair value of the net assets acquired.   The change in the balance of goodwill from December 31, 2009 is attributable to the finalization of the assignment of fair value to Embarq’s assets and liabilities acquired (primarily certain contingent liabilities and deferred income taxes finalized within the measurement period) in connection with our July 1, 2009 acquisition of Embarq. Total amortization expense related to the intangible assets subject to amortization for 2010 was $206.3 million and is expected to be $185.6 million for 2011, $164.5 million for 2012, $145.2 million for 2013, $126.0 million in 2014 and $106.9 million in 2015 (based on intangible assets held at December 31, 2010). In connection with our acquisition of Embarq, we established an intangible asset associated with right-of-way and other real estate agreements of approximately $268.5 million.  We have concluded that such asset has an indefinite life and therefore is currently not being amortized.  We annually review this asset for potential impairment. We accounted for the costs to develop an integrated billing and customer care system in accordance with applicable accounting guidance related to internally developed software.  Aggregate capitalized costs (before accumulated amortization) totaled $236.5 million and are being amortized over a twenty-year period. The costs associated with installation activities are deferred and recognized as an operating expense over the estimated life of the customer relationship (10 years).  Such costs are only deferred to the extent of the related deferred revenue. During 2008, we paid an aggregate of approximately $149 million for 69 licenses in the FCC’s auction of 700 megahertz wireless spectrum.    We annually review this asset for potential impairment. (5)           PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT     Net property, plant and equipment at December 31, 2010 and 2009 was composed of the following: Depreciation expense was $1.227 billion, $838.8 million and $506.9 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. (6)           Long-term Debt            Our long-term debt as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 was as follows:   Weighted average interest rate at December 31, 2010 The approximate annual debt maturities for the five years subsequent to December 31, 2010 are as follows: 2011 - $11.6 million; 2012 - $327.6 million; 2013 - $818.5 million; 2014 - $31.5 million and 2015 $715.3 million. The senior notes and debentures of CenturyLink referred to above were issued under an indenture dated March 31, 1994.  This indenture does not contain any financial covenants, but does include restrictions that limit our ability to (i) incur, issue or create liens upon our property and (ii) consolidate with or merge into, or transfer or lease all or substantially all of its assets to, any other party.  The indenture does not contain any provisions that are impacted by our credit ratings, or that restrict the issuance of new securities in the event of a material adverse change to us. Various of our other subsidiaries have outstanding first mortgage bonds or unsecured debentures.  Each issue of these first mortgage bonds are secured by substantially all of the property, plant and equipment of the issuing subsidiary. Approximately 50% of our property, plant and equipment is pledged to secure the long-term debt of subsidiaries. We funded these debt tender offers with net proceeds of $644.4 million from the September 2009 issuance of (i) $250 million of 10-year, 6.15% Series Q senior notes and $400 million of 30-year, 7.6% Series P senior notes and (ii) additional borrowings under our existing revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2010, we had available two unsecured revolving credit facilities, (i) a five-year, $750 million facility of CenturyLink and (ii) an $800 million facility of Embarq.   As of December 31, 2010, we had approximately $365.0 million outstanding under these credit facilities (all of which related to CenturyLink’s facility). As was the case with our predecessor credit facilities, (i) outstanding letters of credit directly reduce the amount available for other extensions of credit under our new credit facility and (ii) outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program, which effectively cannot exceed the amount available under our new facility, effectively have the same result on our borrowing capacity under the new facility.  As of February 28, 2011, approximately $61 million of letters of credit were outstanding and no amounts were outstanding under our commercial paper program. (7)           DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS (8)           DEFERRED CREDITS AND OTHER LIABILITIES     Deferred credits and other liabilities at December 31, 2010 and 2009 were composed of the following:     For additional information on deferred federal and state income taxes, accrued pension costs and accrued postretirement benefit costs, see Notes 13, 12 and 11, respectively. (9)           REDUCTIONS IN WORKFORCE During each of the last three years, we have announced workforce reductions primarily due to (i) increased competitive pressures and the loss of access lines over the last several years; (ii) progression or completion of our Embarq and Madison River integration plans; and (iii) the elimination of certain customer service personnel due to reduced call volumes.  In connection therewith, we incurred pre-tax operating expense charges of approximately $27.3 million in 2010, $80.6 million in 2009 and $2.0 million in 2008 for severance and related costs. The following table reflects additional information regarding the severance-related liability for 2010, 2009 and 2008 (in thousands): (10)           STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Common stock - Unissued shares of CenturyLink common stock were reserved as follows: In January 2009, in connection with the special meeting of shareholders to approve share issuances in connection with our acquisition of Embarq, our shareholders approved a charter amendment to eliminate certain special voting rights of long-term shareholders upon the consummation of the Embarq acquisition. On July 1, 2009, we issued 196.1 million shares of CenturyLink common stock in connection with the acquisition of Embarq.    See Note 2 for additional information.     In accordance with previously-announced stock repurchase programs, we repurchased 9.7 million shares (for $347.3 million) in 2008.     In December 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued guidance regarding noncontrolling interests in consolidated financial statements, which requires noncontrolling interests to be recognized as equity in the consolidated financial statements.  In addition, net income attributable to such noncontrolling interests is required to be included in consolidated net income.  This guidance was effective for our 2009 fiscal year and prior periods have been adjusted to reflect this presentation. Preferred stock - As of December 31, 2010, we had 2.0 million shares of authorized preferred stock, $25 par value per share.  At December 31, 2010 and 2009, there were approximately 9,400 shares of outstanding convertible preferred stock.  Holders of outstanding CenturyLink preferred stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends, receive preferential distributions equal to $25 per share plus unpaid dividends upon CenturyLink’s liquidation and vote as a single class with the holders of common stock. (11)           POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS The following is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for the benefit obligation and the plan assets. The following table sets forth the amounts recognized as liabilities on the balance sheet for postretirement benefits at December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008.     Net periodic postretirement benefit cost for 2010, 2009 (which only includes the effects of our Embarq acquisition subsequent to July 1, 2009) and 2008 included the following components:     The unamortized prior service credit ($11.7 million as of December 31, 2010) and unrecognized net actuarial loss ($30.6 million as of December 31, 2010) components have been reflected as a $12.3 million after-tax decrease to accumulated other comprehensive loss within stockholders’ equity.  The estimated amount of net amortization income of the above unrecognized items that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss and reflected as a component of net periodic postretirement cost during 2011 is $2.3 million income for the prior service credit.     Assumptions used in accounting for postretirement benefits as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 were: Assumed health care cost trends have an impact on the amounts reported for postretirement benefit plans.  A one-percentage-point change in assumed health care cost rates would have the following effects: We employ a total return investment approach whereby a mix of equities and fixed income investments are used to maximize the long-term return of plan assets for a prudent level of risk.  Risk tolerance is established through careful consideration of plan liabilities, plan funded status and corporate financial condition.  We measure and monitor investment risk on an ongoing basis through annual liability measurements, periodic asset studies and periodic portfolio reviews. Our weighted-average asset allocations at December 31, 2010 and 2009 by asset category are as follows: As of December 31, 2010, we used the following valuation techniques to measure fair value for assets.  There were no changes to these methodologies during 2010: Level 1 - Assets were valued using the closing price reported in the active market in which the individual security was traded. Level 2 - Assets were valued using quoted prices in markets that are not active, broker dealer quotations, net asset value of shares held by the plans and other methods by which all significant input were observable at the measurement date.  Level 3 - Assets were valued using valuation reports from the respective institutions at the measurement date.     The following table presents the hierarchy levels for our postretirement benefit plan’s investments as of December 31, 2010: The following table presents the hierarchy levels for our postretirement benefit plan’s investments as of December 31, 2009: Our plan invests in various securities, some of which are exposed to various risks such as interest rate, market and credit risks.  Due to the level of risk associated with certain investment securities, it is at least reasonably possible that changes in the values of investment securities will occur in the near term and that those changes could materially affect the amounts reported in the statement of net assets available for benefits. Based on current estimates, we expect to contribute approximately $47.9 million to our postretirement benefit plan in 2011. Our estimated future projected benefit payments under our postretirement benefit plan are as follows: (12)           DEFINED BENEFIT AND OTHER RETIREMENT PLANS To align our benefit structure closer to those offered by our competitors, in late 2010 we froze pension benefit accruals for our non-represented employees as of December 31, 2010.  Such action resulted in a reduction of our benefit obligation of approximately $110.2 million and resulted in the recognition of a curtailment gain of approximately $20.9 million in 2010. Due to change of control provisions that were triggered upon the consummation of the Embarq acquisition on July 1, 2009, certain retirees who were receiving monthly annuity payments under a CenturyLink supplemental executive retirement plan were paid a lump sum distribution calculated in accordance with the provisions of the plan.  A settlement expense of approximately $8.9 million was recognized in the third quarter of 2009 as a result of these actions. The legacy Embarq pension plan contains a provision that grants early retirement benefits for certain participants affected by workforce reductions.  During 2009, we recognized approximately $14.7 million of additional pension expense related to these contractual benefits.     The following is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for the aggregate benefit obligation and the assets for our above-referenced defined benefit plans. The following table sets forth the combined plans’ funded status and amounts recognized in our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008. Amounts recognized on the balance sheet consist of:     Our aggregate accumulated benefit obligation as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 was $4.509 billion and $4.042 billion, respectively. Net periodic pension expense for 2010, 2009 (which only includes the effects of our Embarq acquisition subsequent to July 1, 2009) and 2008 included the following components: Assumptions used in accounting for pension plans as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 were:    For 2011, we are reducing our long-term assumed rate of return assumption to 7.5% for our legacy CenturyLink pension plan and 8.0% for our legacy Embarq pension plan.     Our pension plans weighted-average asset allocations at December 31, 2010 and 2009 by asset category are as follows: As of December 31, 2010, we used the following valuation techniques to measure fair value for assets.  There were no changes to these methodologies during 2010: Level 1 - Assets were valued using the closing price reported in the active market in which the individual security was traded. Level 2 - Assets were valued using quoted prices in markets that are not active, broker dealer quotations, net asset value of shares held by the plans and other methods by which all significant input were observable at the measurement date.  Level 3 - Assets were valued using valuation reports from the respective institutions at the measurement date. The following table presents the hierarchy levels for our defined benefit pension plans’ investments as of December 31, 2010: The following table presents the hierarchy levels for our defined benefit pension plans’ investments as of December 31, 2009: The following sets forth a summary of changes in the fair value of our defined benefit pension plans’ Level 3 assets for the year ended December 31, 2010: The following sets forth a summary of changes in the fair value of our defined benefit pension plans’ Level 3 assets for the year ended December 31, 2009: Our plans invest in various securities, some of which are exposed to various risks such as interest rate, market and credit risks.  Due to the level of risk associated with certain investment securities, it is at least reasonably possible that changes in the values of investment securities will occur in the near term and that those changes could materially affect the value of our pension plan assets. Some of our plans’ investment securities have contractual cash flows, such as asset backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations, and commercial and government mortgage backed securities, including securities backed by sub-prime mortgage loans.  The value, liquidity, and related income of these securities are sensitive to changes in economic conditions, including real estate values, delinquencies or defaults, or both, and may be adversely affected by shifts in the market’s perception of the issuers and changes in interest rates. During 2010, we contributed $300 million to the legacy Embarq pension plan.  Based on current actuarial estimates, we expect to contribute approximately $100 million to the legacy Embarq pension plan in 2011.   Our estimated future projected benefit payments under our defined benefit pension plans are as follows: 2011 - $268.0 million; 2012 - $272.6 million; 2013 - $280.3 million; 2014 - $284.7 million; 2015 - $289.8 million; and 2016-2020 - $1.526 billion. We also sponsor qualified profit sharing plans pursuant to Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code which are available to substantially all employees.  Our matching contributions to these plans were $16.7 million in 2010, $13.8 million in 2009 and $10.5 million in 2008. (13)           INCOME TAXES Income tax expense included in the Consolidated Statements of Income was as follows: Income tax expense was allocated as follows:     The following is a reconciliation from the statutory federal income tax rate to our effective income tax rate: In 2009, our effective tax rate was reduced by a $7.0 million reduction to our net deferred tax asset valuation allowance associated with state operating loss carryforwards.  During 2009 and 2008, we recognized net after-tax benefits of approximately $15.7 million and $12.8 million, respectively, which include (i) the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits primarily due to certain issues being effectively settled through examinations or the lapse of statute of limitations and (ii) other adjustments needed upon finalization of tax returns.      The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31, 2010 and 2009 were as follows:     Of the $2.287 billion net deferred tax liability as of December 31, 2010, approximately $2.369 billion is reflected as a long-term liability and approximately $81.3 million is reflected as a net current deferred tax asset. The following table reflects the activity of our gross unrecognized tax benefits (excluding both interest and any related federal benefit) during 2010 (amounts expressed in thousands). Our policy is to reflect interest expense associated with unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.  We had accrued interest (presented before related tax benefits) of approximately $11.5 million and $9.9 million as of December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009. We file income tax returns, including returns for our subsidiaries, with federal, state and local jurisdictions.  Our uncertain income tax positions are related to tax years that are currently under or remain subject to examination by the relevant taxing authorities.  Our open income tax years by major jurisdiction are as follows. Additionally, Embarq, its subsidiaries, and their predecessors have filed amended returns on a specific tax issue relating to years as early as 1990. These amended returns have been audited by the IRS, and the refund claims contained therein have all been denied by the Exam Division and the Appeals Division of the IRS.  Embarq has filed suit for refund in U.S. District Court for a portion of the years, and is considering litigation for the rest. Since the period for assessing additional liability typically begins upon the filing of a return, it is possible that certain jurisdictions could assess tax for years prior to the open tax years disclosed above.  Additionally, it is possible that certain jurisdictions in which we do not believe we have an income tax filing responsibility, and accordingly did not file a return, may attempt to assess a liability, or that other jurisdictions to which we pay taxes may attempt to assert that we owe additional taxes. (14)             EARNINGS PER SHARE     The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted earnings per share computations: The weighted average number of shares of common stock subject to issuance under outstanding options that were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share (because the exercise price of the option was greater than the average market price of the common stock) was 2.9 million for 2010, 4.1 million for 2009 and 2.1 million for 2008. In June 2008, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued guidance in determining whether instruments granted in share-based payment transactions are participating securities.  Based on this guidance, we have concluded that our outstanding non-vested restricted stock is a participating security and therefore should be included in the earnings allocation in computing earnings per share using the two-class method.  The guidance was effective for us beginning in first quarter 2009 and required us to adjust our previously reported earnings per share.   (15)           STOCK COMPENSATION PROGRAMS     We recognize as compensation expense our cost of awarding employees with equity instruments by allocating the fair value of the award on the grant date over the period during which the employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award. Our outstanding stock options have been granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of CenturyLink’s shares at the date of grant.  The exercise price of former Embarq stock options were converted by applying the exchange ratio stipulated in the Embarq merger agreement.  Our outstanding options generally have a three-year vesting period and all of them expire ten years after the date of grant.  The fair value of each stock option award is estimated as of the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model.  Stock option transactions during 2010 were as follows:   Equals the difference between the market price on such date and the average exercise price multiplied by the number of shares subject to the options. Our outstanding restricted stock awards generally vest over a three- or five-year period (for employees) or a three-year period (for outside directors). Nonvested restricted stock and restricted stock unit transactions during 2010 were as follows: During 2009, we issued 820,234 shares of restricted stock to certain employees and our outside directors at a weighted-average price of $27.34 per share.  During 2008, we issued 643,397 shares of restricted stock to certain employees and our outside directors at a weighted-average price of $34.86 per share. We recognized a tax benefit related to such arrangements of approximately $14.1 million in 2010, $20.5 million in 2009 and $5.8 million in 2008.  As of December 31, 2010, there was $60.8 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the share-based payment arrangements, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.1 years. (16)          DISCONTINUANCE OF REGULATORY ACCOUNTING Through June 30, 2009, we accounted for our regulated telephone operations (except for the properties acquired from Verizon in 2002) in accordance with the provisions of regulatory accounting under which actions by regulators can provide reasonable assurance of the recognition of an asset, reduce or eliminate the value of an asset and impose a liability on a regulated enterprise.  Such regulatory assets and liabilities were required to be recorded and, accordingly, reflected in the balance sheet of entities subject to regulatory accounting. On July 1, 2009, we discontinued the accounting requirements of regulatory accounting upon the conversion of substantially all of our rate-of-return study areas to federal price cap regulation (based on the FCC’s approval of our petition to convert our study areas to price cap regulation). In the third quarter of 2009, upon the discontinuance of regulatory accounting, we recorded a non-cash extraordinary gain in our consolidated statements of income comprised of the following components (dollars, except per share amounts, in thousands): Upon the discontinuance of regulatory accounting, we revised the lives of our property, plant and equipment to reflect the economic estimated remaining useful lives of the assets.  In general, the estimated remaining useful lives of our telephone property were lengthened as compared to the rates used that were established by regulatory authorities. Upon the discontinuance of regulatory accounting, we eliminated certain intercompany transactions with regulated affiliates that previously were not eliminated under the application of regulatory accounting.  This has caused our operating revenues and operating expenses to be lower by equivalent amounts beginning in the third quarter of 2009. (17)           GAIN ON ASSET DISPOSITIONS (18)           SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW AND OTHER DISCLOSURES     The amount of interest actually paid, net of amounts capitalized of $12.9 million, $3.5 million, and $2.4 million during 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively, was $548.4 million, $391.8 million, and $204.1 million during 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively.  Income taxes paid were $431.7 million in 2010, $258.9 million in 2009, and $208.8 million in 2008.  Income tax refunds totaled $7.6 million in 2010, $2.1 million in 2009, and $4.6 million in 2008.     In connection with our July 1, 2009 acquisition of Embarq, the following assets were acquired and liabilities assumed: See Note 2 for additional information related to our acquisition of Embarq in 2009. (19)           FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS     The following table presents the carrying amounts and estimated fair values of certain of our financial instruments at December 31, 2010 and 2009. We believe the carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, short-term debt, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates the fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments, which have not been reflected in the above table. As of December 31, 2010, we held life insurance contracts with cash surrender value that are required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis.  The following table depicts those assets held and the related tier designation pursuant to the accounting guidance related to fair value disclosure. See Notes 11 and 12 for the tier designation related to our postretirement and pension plan assets. (20)           BUSINESS SEGMENTS Our operating revenues for our products and services include the following components:     Beginning in 2010, we have reclassified revenues generated from subscriber line charges to “Voice” revenues from “Network access” revenues to better align our presentation of such revenues with others in our industry and we have included revenues generated from our fiber transport, CLEC and security monitoring operations in “Other” revenues.  Prior periods have been adjusted to reflect this new presentation. (21)           COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (22)           SUBSEQUENT EVENT On January 19, 2011, we entered into a four-year revolving credit facility with various lenders.  This credit facility allows CenturyLink to borrow up to $1.0 billion initially with the total capacity of the credit facility increasing to $1.7 billion upon the consummation of our pending acquisition of Qwest.  Up to $400 million of the credit facility can be used for letters of credit, which reduces the amount available for other extensions of credit. Interest will be assessed on future borrowings using the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus an applicable margin between .5% to 2.5% per annum depending on the type of loan and CenturyLink’s then current senior unsecured long-term debt rating.  CenturyLink’s obligations under the credit facility are currently guaranteed by its wholly-owned subsidiary, Embarq Corporation, and upon consummation of the Qwest acquisition will also be guaranteed by Qwest and one of its wholly-owned subsidiaries. CenturyLink’s previously existing $750 million credit facility and Embarq’s previously existing $800 million credit facility (which CenturyLink assumed upon its acquisition of Embarq on July 1, 2009) were both terminated upon the execution of this new credit facility. CENTURYLINK, INC. Consolidated Quarterly Income Statement Information The results of operations of Embarq are reflected subsequent to its July 1, 2009 acquisition date. During the fourth quarter of 2009, we recognized a pre-tax charge of approximately $60.8 million due primarily to the premiums paid in connection with certain debt extinguishments consummated in October 2009. Reports on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.  We incorporate by reference into this Item 9A the reports appearing at the forefront of Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”. Not applicable. PART III     The name, age and office(s) held by each of our executive officers are shown below.  Each of the executive officers listed below serves at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. Prior to CenturyLink’s acquisition of Embarq, Mr. Cheek previously served as Embarq’s President - Wholesale Markets since May 2006.  He served in this role at Sprint Nextel’s local telecommunications division from August 2005 until May 2006. He served as Assistant Vice President—Strategic Sales and Account Management in Sprint Business Solutions from January 2004 until July 2005.     The balance of the information required by Item 10 is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2011 annual meeting of stockholders (the "Proxy Statement"), which Proxy Statement will be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within the first 120 days of 2011. Item 11.                 Executive Compensation The information required by Item 11 is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement. Item 12.                 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management The information required by Item 12 is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement. Item 13.                 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions The information required by Item 13 is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement. Item 14.           Principal Accountant Fees and Services The information required by Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement. PART IV Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.   144 SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS CENTURYLINK, INC. For the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 EX-10.1A 2 exh10-1a.htm EXHIBIT 10.1A  exh10-1a.htm EXHIBIT 10.1(A) EIGHTH AMENDMENT TO THE CENTURYLINK DOLLARS & SENSE 401(K) PLAN WHEREAS, the CenturyLink Dollars & Sense 401(k) Plan (“Plan”) was amended and restated by CenturyLink, Inc. (the “Company”) effective December 31, 2006; WHEREAS, the Company wishes to amend the Plan to include safe harbor and qualified automatic contribution features, extend eligibility to participate in the Plan to those employees of Embarq Corporation who were participants in the Embarq Retirement Savings Plan and make other necessary changes; and WHEREAS, the Company reserved the right to amend the Plan in Section 14.2 of the Plan; NOW, THEREFORE, the Plan is amended effective January 1, 2011, as follows: The fourth sentence of the third paragraph of the Preamble to the Plan is amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: The Trustee of the Dollars & Sense Trust is Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. The Preamble to the Plan is amended by adding the following as the last paragraph thereof to read in its entirety as follows:  Effective January 1, 2011, non-represented employees of Embarq Corporation (“Embarq”) and the subsidiaries of Embarq that sponsored the Embarq Retirement Savings Plan are eligible to participate in the Plan, in accordance with the adoption of the Plan by such entities as Participating Employers as of such date. The second paragraph of Section 1.18, Employee, is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: Nevertheless, effective January 1, 2011, the date Embarq and its subsidiaries that sponsored the Embarq Retirement Savings Plan became Participating Employers in accordance with Article 14, the immediately preceding paragraph shall cease to apply and the term Employee shall include such Embarq Employees described above who otherwise meet the requirement to be considered an Employee under this Section 1.18. Section 2.1,  Active Participation, is amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: 2.1           Active Participation.  Each Employee shall be eligible to participate in the Plan upon the first day of the first month after the thirtieth (30th) day following his or her date of employment or reemployment. Section 3.1(a),  Participant Election, is amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: (2)           Automatic Contribution Arrangement. The Plan is intended to meet the requirements applicable to a Qualified Automatic Contribution Arrangement (as defined in Section 401(k)(13)(B) of the Code) and an Eligible Automatic Contribution Arrangement (as defined in Section 414(w)(3) of the Code), effective as of January 1, 2011. (3)           Automatic Compensation Reduction Election. If a Participant becomes a Participant on or after January 1, 2011 and does not affirmatively elect to contribute to this Plan, his or her Compensation shall be automatically reduced by three percent (3%) each pay period and this amount shall be contributed to the Plan as a Pre-Tax Elective Deferral (the “Automatic Compensation Reduction Election”). Example 1.  If an eligible Employee had affirmatively elected to make Pre-Tax Elective Deferrals of one percent (1%) of his or her Compensation each pay period, as well as one percent (1%) Roth Elective Deferrals, the Automatic Compensation Reduction Election shall be one percent (1%), contributed as Pre-Tax Elective Deferrals, so that the eligible Employee’s total Elective Deferrals will be three percent (3%) of Compensation each pay period (one percent (1%) Roth Elective Deferral and two percent (2%) Pre-Tax Elective Deferral). Example 2.  If an eligible Employee had affirmatively elected to make Roth Elective Deferrals of two percent (2%) of his or her Compensation each pay period, the Automatic Compensation Reduction Election shall be one percent (1%), contributed as Roth Elective Deferrals, so that the eligible Employee’s initial total Elective Deferrals will be three percent (3%) of Compensation each pay period, all of which shall be Roth Elective Deferrals. A Participant may change the Automatic Compensation Reduction Election, and may change the classification of future deferrals from Pre-Tax Elective Deferrals to Roth Elective Deferrals, at any time.  Automatic Compensation Reductions that are not changed by the Participant are subject to change in accordance with paragraph (5) below. (6)           Voluntary Automatic Escalations.  Any Participant who has affirmatively elected a contribution rate of at least one percent (1%) may elect, in the manner prescribed by the Employer and under such procedures as are determined by the Employer, for his Pre-Tax Elective Deferrals and/or Roth Elective Deferrals to be automatically increased according to a pre-determined schedule. A Participant may stop or change the voluntary automatic escalations or otherwise change his or her deferral election at any time. (7)           Vesting.  A Participant shall at all times have a nonforfeitable interest in his Elective Deferral Account. Contributions shall be subject to the following rules: Section 3.2,   Employer Match Contributions, is amended to read in its entirety as follows and internal references shall be corrected accordingly: 3.2           Employer Match Contributions Section 3.3, Additional Match Contributions, is amended to include the following sentence at the end thereof to read in its entirety as follows: Notwithstanding the foregoing, and in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.401(m)-3(d), any such Additional Match Contribution shall not be made with respect to Elective Deferrals or employee contributions that exceeds 6% of the Participant’s Compensation.  Furthermore, any such Additional Match Contribution shall not exceed 4% of the Participant’s Compensation. Paragraph (d), Participant Election, of Section 4.7, Investment of Funds, is amended to add a second paragraph to read in its entirety as follows: The second sentence of paragraph (e), Company Stock, of Section 4.7, Investment of Funds, is amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: The Plan shall include Company Stock as an Investment Option for assets that are invested in Company Stock as of December 31, 2010, however, once Company Stock in the Plan is transferred to another Investment Option, it cannot be reinvested in Company Stock. The first paragraph of Section 6.4(a), Hardship, is amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: The last paragraph under Subparagraph (3) of Section 6.4(a), Hardship, is amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: A Participant who receives a distribution on account of hardship shall be prohibited from making Elective Deferrals and employee contributions under this and all other plans of the Employer and any Affiliated Employer (including the Company’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan and Supplemental Dollars & Sense Plan) for six (6) months after the distribution. Section 9.1, Loans, is amended by adding a new Paragraph (h) to read in its entirety as follows: IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this amendment on this 27th day of December, 2010. EX-10.1B 3 exh10-1b.htm EXHIBIT 10.1B  Unassociated Document EXHIBIT 10.1(B) EIGHTH AMENDMENT TO THE CENTURYLINK UNION 401(K) PLAN WHEREAS, the CenturyTel Union 401(k) Plan (“Plan”) was amended and restated by CenturyLink, Inc. (the “Company”) effective December 31, 2006; WHEREAS, on May 20, 2010, the shareholders of the Company approved a change of the Company's name from CenturyTel, Inc. to CenturyLink, Inc., and the Company changed the Plan name to reflect the new Company name; WHEREAS, the Company wishes to revise the Plan’s Preamble to reflect the Plan’s new Trustee, restrict hardship distributions to employee contributions only, revise in-service distributions from Rollover Accounts and After-Tax Accounts; and WHEREAS, the Company reserved the right to amend the Plan in Section 13.2 of the Plan. NOW, THEREFORE, the Plan is amended as follows, effective January 1, 2011: The third sentence of the sixth paragraph of the Preamble to the Plan is amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: The Trustee of the Union 401(k) Trust is Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. The first paragraph of Section 6.6(a), Hardship, is amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: Hardship. By filing the required form, a Participant may withdraw on account of hardship all or a portion of his vested Accrued Benefit held in the Participant’s Elective Deferral Account, except earnings thereon.  The amount distributed will be withdrawn pro rata across eligible money types. Paragraph (c), Rollover Account, of Section 6.6, Other Permitted Distributions, is amended by adding the following sentence at the end thereof: Effective January 1, 2011, Participants in Groups A, B and C may withdraw any amount from their Rollover Accounts in accordance with this Section 6.6(c). Paragraph (d), Voluntary After-Tax Account, of Section 6.6, Other Permitted Distributions, is amended by adding the following sentence at the end thereof: Effective January 1, 2011, Participants in Groups A, B and C may withdraw any amount from their Voluntary After-Tax Accounts in accordance with this Section 6.6(d). IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this amendment on this 27th day of December, 2010. EX-10.1C 4 exh10-1c.htm EXHIBIT 10.1C  Unassociated Document EXHIBIT 10.1(C) AMENDMENT NO. 8 TO THE CENTURYLINK RETIREMENT PLAN WHEREAS, the CenturyTel Retirement Plan (“Plan”) was amended and restated by CenturyTel, Inc. (the “Company”) effective December 31, 2006; WHEREAS, effective May 20, 2010, the name of the Plan changed to CenturyLink Retirement Plan to correspond with the change in the Company’s name to CenturyLink, Inc.; WHEREAS, the Company desires to amend the Plan to limit the eligibility of nonrepresented employees to participate in the Plan, to curtail accrual of benefits for the existing nonrepresented participants, and to provide a 5-year transition period during which specified benefits that have already accrued will be increased by a fixed percentage each year; and WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 12.2 of the Plan, the Company reserves the right to amend the Plan in whole or in part; NOW, THEREFORE, the Plan is amended effective as of January 1, 2011 unless otherwise provided below, as follows: Section 2.14, Compensation, is amended by adding a new paragraph at the end to read in its entirety as follows: Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective January 1, 2011, no amounts paid after December 31, 2010 shall be considered in determining a Participant’s Compensation.  The previous sentence shall not apply to Grandfathered Represented Employees. Effective December 31, 2010, the following new Sections 2.26, Grandfathered Participants, and 2.27, Grandfathered Represented Employees, are inserted immediately following the existing Section 2.25, Final Average Pay, to read in their entirety as follows. The remainder of Section 2 (beginning with the existing Section 2.26, Hours of Service) is renumbered and the relevant cross-references in the P lan are re-referenced accordingly: 2.26  Grandfathered Participants means Employees as of December 31, 2010 who are not Grandfathered Represented Employees and who have accrued a Normal Retirement Benefit as of such date. Section 3.1, Eligible Employee, is amended by adding a paragraph at the end thereof to read in its entirety as follows: Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Employee is not an Eligible Employee  if his employment with an Employer began after December 31, 2010. Section 3.4, Reassignment and Reemployment, is amended by adding a fourth and fifth paragraph to read in their entirety as follows: Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.4, effective January 1, 2011, no person whose employment with the Employer begins after December 31, 2010 shall become a Participant in the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.4, effective January 1, 2011, a person whose employment with the Employer resumes after December 31, 2010 may resume status as a Participant in the Plan in accordance with Section 4.4.  Such a Participant shall not however resume accrual of benefits under the Plan after resuming employment, nor shall he or she resume accrual of the transition benefit set forth in Section 6.1(g)(2). Section 4.3, Credited Service, is amended by adding new paragraphs (h) and (i) to read in their entirety as follows: (h)  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.3, effective January 1, 2011, no Credited Service shall be earned by a Participant or Eligible Employee with respect to any period of employment after December 31, 2010 for the purpose of determining the amount of the Accrued Benefit.  This Section 4.3(h) shall not apply to Grandfathered Represented Employees. (i) Credited Service will continue to be earned by a Participant or Eligible Employee with respect to periods of employment after December 31, 2010 for the purpose of determining eligibility for a Retirement Benefit (such as eligibility for Early Retirement pursuant to Section 5.2). Section 4.7, Transfers Between Company, Affiliates and Adopting Entities, is amended by adding new paragraphs (f) and (g) to read in their entirety as follows: (f)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, and except as provided in Section 2.22 (Employee), in the case of an individual who transfers employment as described under (a) above on or after January 1, 2011, such individual shall not be entitled to an Accrued Benefit under this Plan with respect to any period of employment after December 31, 2010. (g)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, and except as provided in Section 2.22 (Employee), in the case of a Grandfathered Participant who transfers employment to or from an Affiliate on or after January 1, 2011, such individual shall continue to accrue benefits pursuant to Section 6.1(g)(2). Article 6.1 is amended by adding a new paragraph (g) to read in its entirety as follows: Section 6.1, Freezing of Normal Retirement Benefit (and all Benefits Based Thereon); Exceptions. (3)   Vesting.  The provisions of this Section 6.1(g) shall have no effect on the continued vesting of benefits pursuant to Article IV of the Plan. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Employer has caused this Amendment No. 8 to be executed this 27th day of December, 2010 by its authorized representative. EX-10.4 5 exh10-4.htm EXHIBIT 10.4  exh10-4.htm EXHIBIT 10.4 FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE CENTURYLINK, INC. SUPPLEMENTAL DOLLARS & SENSE PLAN 2008 RESTATEMENT WHEREAS, CenturyLink, Inc. (the “Company”) maintains the CenturyTel, Inc. Supplemental Dollars & Sense Plan (the “Plan”), which was most recently restated effective January 1, 2008; WHEREAS, on May 20, 2010, the shareholders of the Company approved a change of the Company’s name from CenturyTel, Inc. to CenturyLink, Inc., and the Company wishes to change the Plan name to reflect the Company’s new name; WHEREAS, effective January 1, 2011, the Company amended the CenturyLink, Inc. Dollars & Sense Plan to increase the maximum percentage of pay that may be deferred thereunder, and the Company desires to amend the Plan to make a corresponding change thereto; WHEREAS, the Company reserved the right to amend the Plan in Section 16.02 of the Plan; NOW, THEREFORE, the Plan is amended effective as of the dates specified below, as follows: Effective May 20, 2010, “CenturyTel” is deleted each place it appears in the Plan and “CenturyLink” is substituted therefor. Effective January 1, 2011, the second sentence of Section 5.01 is amended to read as follows: The amount of allowable deferral pursuant to each of the Participant’s elections shall be a whole percentage, not to exceed 50% (25% prior to January 1, 2011). IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this amendment on this 27th day of December, 2010. EX-10.5 6 exh10-5.htm EXHIBIT 10.5  exh10-5.htm SECOND AMENDMENT THE CENTURYLINK, INC. SUPPLEMENTAL DEFINED BENEFIT PLAN 2008 RESTATEMENT WHEREAS, CenturyLink, Inc. (the “Company”) maintains the CenturyTel, Inc. Supplemental Defined Benefit Plan (the “Plan”), which was most recently restated effective January 1, 2008; WHEREAS, on May 20, 2010, the shareholders of the Company approved a change of the Company’s name from CenturyTel, Inc. to CenturyLink, Inc., and the Company wishes to change the Plan name to reflect the Company’s new name; WHEREAS, the Company desires to freeze the Plan effective January 1, 2011 in connection with the amendment of the CenturyLink, Inc. Retirement Plan (the “Retirement Plan”) freezing the benefit accruals thereunder as of December 31, 2010; WHEREAS, the Company reserved the right to amend the Plan in Section 18.02 of the Plan; NOW, THEREFORE, the Plan is amended effective as of the dates specified below, as follows: Effective May 20, 2010, “CenturyTel” is deleted each place it appears in the Plan and “CenturyLink” is substituted therefor. Effective January 1, 2011, Article III, Participation, is amended by adding a new Section 3.04 to read as follows: 3.04   Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective January 1, 2011, no employee shall be eligible to participate in the Plan if his employment with the Employer began after December 31, 2010. Effective January 1, 2011, Article IV, Normal Retirement, is amended and restated to read as follows: IV. Normal Retirement IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this amendment on this 27th day of December, 2010. EX-10.11 7 exh10-11.htm EXHIBIT 10.11  Unassociated Document EXHIBIT 10.11 CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), effective as of January 1, 2011 (the “Agreement Date”), between CenturyLink, Inc., a Louisiana corporation (the “Company”), and Glen F. Post, III (the “Employee”). W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, on December 31, 2010, the change of control agreement between the Company and the Employee (the “Predecessor Agreement”) lapsed; WHEREAS, the Board believes that this Agreement is reasonably designed to retain the services of the Employee and to assure the full dedication of the Employee, free from personal distraction, in the event of an actual or pending change of control of the Company; NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: ARTICLE I CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 1.1           Affiliate.  “Affiliate” (and variants thereof) shall mean a Person that controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, another specified Person, either directly or indirectly. 1.2           Beneficial Owner.  “Beneficial Owner” (and variants thereof), with respect to a security, shall mean a Person who, directly or indirectly (through any contract, understanding, relationship or otherwise), has or shares (i) the power to vote, or direct the voting of, the security, or (ii) the power to dispose of, or direct the disposition of, the security. 1.3           Business.  “Business” shall mean, as of any particular date, the business of (i) providing local or long distance voice, network access, Internet access, data or video services, (ii) selling communications products in connection with providing such services or (iii) providing any other material services or selling any other material products then performed or sold by the Company or its Affiliates. (b)         The Employee’s employment shall not be deemed terminated for Cause unless the Company shall have delivered to the Employee a termination notice with a copy of a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters of the entire Board at a meeting called partly or wholly for such purpose (after reasonable notice is provided to the Employee and the Employee has had an opportunity, with counsel, to be heard by the Board) finding that the Employee should be terminated for Cause and specifying in reasonable detail the grounds therefor. (c)         No action or inaction shall be deemed the basis for Cause unless the Employee is terminated therefor prior to the first anniversary of the date on which such action or omission is first known to the Chairman of the Board or the Chair of any standing committee of the Board. 1.5           Change of Control.  “Change of Control” shall mean: (a)           the acquisition by any Person of Beneficial Ownership of 30% or more of the outstanding shares of the Company’s Common Stock, $1.00 par value per share (the “Common Stock”), or 30% or more of the combined voting power of the Company’s then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (a), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control: (i)           any acquisition (other than a Business Combination which constitutes a Change of Control under Section 1.5(c) hereof) of Common Stock directly from the Company, (ii)           any acquisition of Common Stock by the Company or its subsidiaries, (iii)           any acquisition of Common Stock by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company, or (iv)           any acquisition of Common Stock by any entity pursuant to a Business Combination that does not constitute a Change of Control under Section 1.5(c) hereof; or (c)           consummation of a reorganization, share exchange, merger or consolidation (including any such transaction involving any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company), or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (a “Business Combination”); provided, however, that in no such case shall any such transaction constitute a Change of Control if immediately following such Business Combination, (ii)           except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination, no Person (excluding the Post-Transaction Company and any employee benefit plan or related trust of the Company, the Post-Transaction Company or any subsidiary of either corporation) Beneficially Owns, directly or indirectly, 20% or more of the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination or 20% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation, and (iii)           at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the Post-Transaction Company were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination; or (d)           approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 1.6           Code.  “Code” shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 1.8           Company.  “Company” shall mean CenturyLink, Inc. and shall include any successor to or assignee of (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, share exchange, merger, consolidation or otherwise) all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company that assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law or otherwise. 1.10           Employment Term.  “Employment Term” shall mean the period commencing on the date of a Change of Control and ending on the 24-month anniversary of such date. 1.11           Good Reason.  “Good Reason” shall mean any of the following events or conditions described in this Section 1.11, but only if the Employee shall have provided written notice to the Company within 90 days of the initial existence or occurrence of such event or condition and the Company shall have failed to cure such event or condition within 30 days of its receipt of such notice: (b)           The assignment to the Employee of any duties inconsistent in any material respect with the Employee’s position (including status, offices, titles and reporting requirements), authority, duties or responsibilities as contemplated by Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement, or any other action that results in a diminution in any material respect in such position, authority, duties or responsibilities; (c)           A reduction of the Employee’s base salary in effect as of the date of the Change of Control without the Employee’s consent, except for across-the-board salary reductions similarly affecting all or substantially all similarly-situated officers of the Company and the Post-Transaction Company; (d)           The Employee is advised of, manifests an awareness of, or becomes aware of facts that would cause a reasonable person to inquire into any failure in any material respect by the Company or its Affiliates to comply with any of the provisions of this Agreement; or (e)           Any directive requiring the Employee to be based at any office or location other than as provided in Section 3.1(b)(ii) hereof or requiring the Employee to travel on business to a substantially greater extent than required immediately prior to the Change of Control. 1.12           Person.  “Person” shall mean a natural person or entity, and shall also mean the group or syndicate created when two or more Persons act as a syndicate or other group (including, without limitation, a partnership or limited partnership) for the purpose of acquiring, holding, or disposing of a security, except that “Person” shall not include an underwriter temporarily holding a security pursuant to an offering of the security. 1.14           Specified Employee.  “Specified Employee” shall mean the Employee if the Employee is a key employee under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(i) because of final and binding action taken by the Board or its Compensation Committee, or by operation of law or such regulation. ARTICLE II STATUS OF CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENTS ARTICLE III CHANGE OF CONTROL BENEFITS 3.2           Compensation and Benefits.  During the Employment Term, the Employee shall be entitled to the following compensation and benefits: (c)           Fringe Benefits.  The Employee shall be entitled to fringe benefits commensurate with those provided to his peer employees of the Company and its Affiliates, but in no event shall such fringe benefits be less favorable than the most favorable of those provided by the Company and its Affiliates for the Employee at any time during the one-year period immediately preceding the Change of Control or, if more favorable to the Employee, those provided generally at any time after the Change of Control to his peer employees of the Company and its Affiliates. (d)           Expenses.  The Employee shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by the Employee in accordance with the most favorable agreements, policies, practices and procedures of the Company and its Affiliates in effect for the Employee at any time during the one-year period immediately preceding the Change of Control or, if more favorable to the Employee, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to his peer employees of the Company and its Affiliates. (ii)           Without limiting the generality of the Company’s obligations under this subsection (e), the Company shall comply with all of its obligations under the benefit plans, practices, policies and programs of the Company and its Affiliates that arise in connection with a Change of Control of the Company, including without limitation all obligations that require the Company to (A) fully vest participants under the Company’s qualified or non-qualified retirement plans and (B) extend the benefits described in Section 3.5. (f)           Office and Support Staff.  The Employee shall be entitled to an office or offices of a size and with furnishings and other appointments, and to secretarial and other assistance, commensurate with those provided to his peer employees of the Company and its Affiliates. (g)           Vacation.  The Employee shall be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the most favorable agreements, plans, policies, programs and practices of the Company and its Affiliates as in effect for the Employee at any time during the one-year period immediately preceding the Change of Control or, if more favorable to the Employee, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to his peer employees of the Company and its Affiliates. 3.3           Obligations upon Termination after a Change of Control. (a)           Termination by Company for Reasons other than Death, Disability or Cause or by the Employee for Good Reason.  If, after a Change of Control and during the Employment Term, the Company or any of its Affiliates terminates the Employee’s employment, as defined in Treasury Regulations 1.409A-1(h)(1) (“Separation from Service”), other than for Cause, death or Disability, or the Employee terminates employment for Good Reason, subject to Section 3.3(d) and Section 3.6, if applicable: (v)           the Company at its cost shall provide to the Employee outplacement assistance by a reputable firm specializing in such services for the period beginning with the termination of employment and ending one year later; and (vi)           the Company shall discharge its obligations under all other applicable sections of this Article III, including Sections 3.4, 3.5, 3.6 and 3.7. 3.5           Stock Options and Other Incentives.  The foregoing benefits provided for in this Article III are intended to be in addition to the value or benefit of any stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares or similar awards, the exercisability, vesting or payment of which is accelerated or otherwise enhanced upon a Change of Control pursuant to the terms of any stock option, incentive or other similar plan or agreement heretofore or hereafter adopted by the Company or the Post-Transaction Company. 3.6           Conditional Payment Reductions. 3.7           Legal Fees.  The Company agrees to reimburse the Employee for all legal fees and other expenses which the Employee may reasonably incur as a result of any contest by the Company or the Post-Transaction Company of the validity or enforceability of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement, but only if, when and to the extent the Employee prevails with respect to such contest. 3.10           Other Severance Plans.  If the Employee becomes entitled to receive severance benefits under this Article III, the Company shall not be required to pay the Employee any additional severance payment under any other severance or salary continuation policy, plan, agreement or arrangement maintained by the Company or its Affiliates unless such other policy, plan, agreement or arrangement expressly provides to the contrary. ARTICLE IV NONDISCLOSURE, NONCOMPETITION AND NONSOLICITATION (ii)           contact any customer of the Company or its Affiliates to solicit, divert or entice away the business of such customer, or otherwise disrupt the relationship between such customer and the Company or its Affiliates; (iii)           solicit, induce, influence or attempt to influence any supplier, lessor, lessee, licensor, partner, joint venturer, potential acquiree or any other person who has a business relationship with the Company or its Affiliates, or who on the termination date is engaged in discussions or negotiations to enter into a business relationship with the Company or its Affiliates, to discontinue, reduce or limit the extent of such relationship with the Company or any of its Affiliates; (iv)           make contact with any employee of the Company or its Affiliates for the purpose of soliciting such employee for hire, whether as an employee, independent contractor, consultant or otherwise, or otherwise disrupting such employee’s relationship with the Company or its Affiliates; or ARTICLE V 5.1           Binding Effect; Successors. (b)           This Agreement is personal to the Employee and shall not be assignable by the Employee without the consent of the Company (there being no obligation to give such consent) other than such rights or benefits as are transferred by will or the laws of descent and distribution, which shall inure to the benefit of the Employee’s legal representatives. (c)           The Company shall require any successor to or assignee of (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, share exchange, merger, consolidation or otherwise) all or substantially all of the assets or businesses of the Company (i) to assume unconditionally and expressly this Agreement and (ii) to agree to perform or to cause to be performed all of the obligations under this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as would have been required of the Company had no assignment or succession occurred. (d)           The Company shall also require all entities that control or that after the transaction will control (directly or indirectly) the Company or any such successor or assignee to agree to cause to be performed all of the obligations under this Agreement. (e)           The obligations of the Company and the Employee which by their nature may require either partial or total performance after the expiration of the term of the Agreement shall survive such expiration. 5.2           Notices.  All notices hereunder must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given upon receipt of delivery by: (a) hand (against a receipt therefor), (b) certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (c) a nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) telecopy transmission with confirmation of delivery.  All such notices must be addressed as follows: If to the Company, to: CenturyLink, Inc. 100 CenturyLink Drive Monroe, Louisiana 71203 Attn:  General Counsel If to the Employee, to: Glen F. Post, III c/o CenturyLink, Inc. 100 CenturyLink Drive Monroe, Louisiana 71203 or such other address as to which any party hereto may have notified the other in writing. 5.3           Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with and governed by the internal laws of the State of Louisiana without regard to principles of conflict of laws. 5.4           Withholding.  The Employee agrees that the Company has the right to withhold, from the amounts payable pursuant to this Agreement, all amounts required to be withheld under applicable income or employment tax laws, or as otherwise stated in documents granting rights that are affected by this Agreement. 5.7           Waiver of Breach.  Except as expressly provided herein to the contrary, the failure by any party to enforce any of its rights hereunder shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such rights, unless such waiver is an express written waiver.  The waiver by either party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach thereof. 5.8           Remedies Not Exclusive.  No remedy specified herein shall be deemed to be such party’s exclusive remedy, and accordingly, in addition to all of the rights and remedies provided for in this Agreement, the parties shall have all other rights and remedies provided to them by applicable law, rule or regulation, including without limitation the right to claim interest with respect to any payment not timely made hereunder. 5.10           Non-exclusivity of Rights.  Subject to Section 5.9, nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or limit the Employee’s continuing or future participation in any plan, program, policy or practice provided by the Company or any of its Affiliates and for which the Employee may qualify, nor shall anything herein limit or otherwise restrict such rights as the Employee may have under any contract or agreement with the Company or any of its Affiliates. 5.12           Authority.  The Company represents and warrants that (i) its execution and delivery of this Agreement has been duly authorized by the Board and (ii) no other corporate proceedings are necessary to authorize the Company’s execution, delivery and performance of  this Agreement. 5.13           Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 5.14           Interpretation.  Any reference to any section of the Code or the Treasury Regulations shall be deemed to also refer to any successor provisions thereto. 5.15           The Employee’s Acknowledgment.  The Employee represents to the Company that he has read and understands, and agrees to be bound by, each of the terms of this Agreement, including Article IV. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Employee have caused this Change of Control Agreement to be executed as of the Agreement Date. Appendix A PROHIBITED TERRITORIES 1.           The following parishes in the state of Louisiana: EX-10.12 8 exh10-12.htm EXHIBIT 10.12  exh10-12.htm EXHIBIT 10.12 [Form of] CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT (For Executive Officers, other than the CEO)1 CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), effective as of January 1, 2011 (the “Agreement Date”), between CenturyLink, Inc., a Louisiana corporation (the “Company”), and ___________________ (the “Employee”). W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, on December 31, 2010, the change of control agreement between the Company and the Employee (the “Predecessor Agreement”) lapsed; WHEREAS, the Board believes that this Agreement is reasonably designed to retain the services of the Employee and to assure the full dedication of the Employee, free from personal distraction, in the event of an actual or pending change of control of the Company; NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: ARTICLE I CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 1.1           Affiliate.  “Affiliate” (and variants thereof) shall mean a Person that controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, another specified Person, either directly or indirectly. 1.2           Beneficial Owner.  “Beneficial Owner” (and variants thereof), with respect to a security, shall mean a Person who, directly or indirectly (through any contract, understanding, relationship or otherwise), has or shares (i) the power to vote, or direct the voting of, the security, or (ii) the power to dispose of, or direct the disposition of, the security. 1 The form of agreement for Legacy CenturyLink executives with predecessor agreements with CenturyLink varies slightly from the form of agreement for Legacy Embarq executives.  See Article II below. 1.3           Business.  “Business” shall mean, as of any particular date, the business of (i) providing local or long distance voice, network access, Internet access, data or video services, (ii) selling communications products in connection with providing such services or (iii) providing any other material services or selling any other material products then performed or sold by the Company or its Affiliates. (b)           The Employee’s employment shall not be deemed terminated for Cause unless the Company shall have delivered to the Employee a termination notice with a copy of a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters of the entire Board at a meeting called partly or wholly for such purpose (after reasonable notice is provided to the Employee and the Employee has had an opportunity, with counsel, to be heard by the Board) finding that the Employee should be terminated for Cause and specifying in reasonable detail the grounds therefor. (c)           No action or inaction shall be deemed the basis for Cause unless the Employee is terminated therefor prior to the first anniversary of the date on which such action or omission is first known to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 1.5           Change of Control.  “Change of Control” shall mean: (a)           the acquisition by any Person of Beneficial Ownership of 30% or more of the outstanding shares of the Company’s Common Stock, $1.00 par value per share (the “Common Stock”), or 30% or more of the combined voting power of the Company’s then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (a), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control: (i)           any acquisition (other than a Business Combination which constitutes a Change of Control under Section 1.5(c) hereof) of Common Stock directly from the Company, (ii)           any acquisition of Common Stock by the Company or its subsidiaries, (iii)           any acquisition of Common Stock by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company, or (iv)           any acquisition of Common Stock by any entity pursuant to a Business Combination that does not constitute a Change of Control under Section 1.5(c) hereof; or (c)           consummation of a reorganization, share exchange, merger or consolidation (including any such transaction involving any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company), or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (a “Business Combination”); provided, however, that in no such case shall any such transaction constitute a Change of Control if immediately following such Business Combination, constitute a Change of Control if immediately following such Business Combination, (ii)           except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination, no Person (excluding the Post-Transaction Company and any employee benefit plan or related trust of the Company, the Post-Transaction Company or any subsidiary of either corporation) Beneficially Owns, directly or indirectly, 20% or more of the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination or 20% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation, and (iii)           at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the Post-Transaction Company were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination; or (d)           approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 1.6           Code.  “Code” shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 1.8           Company.  “Company” shall mean CenturyLink, Inc. and shall include any successor to or assignee of (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, share exchange, merger, consolidation or otherwise) all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company that assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law or otherwise. 1.10           Employment Term.  “Employment Term” shall mean the period commencing on the date of a Change of Control and ending on the 18-month anniversary of such date. 1.11           Good Reason.  “Good Reason” shall mean any of the following events or conditions described in this Section 1.11, but only if the Employee shall have provided written notice to the Company within 90 days of the initial existence or occurrence of such event or condition and the Company shall have failed to cure such event or condition within 30 days of its receipt of such notice: (b)           The assignment to the Employee of any duties inconsistent in any material respect with the Employee’s position (including status, offices, titles and reporting requirements), authority, duties or responsibilities as contemplated by Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement, or any other action that results in a diminution in any material respect in such position, authority, duties or responsibilities; (c)           A reduction of the Employee’s base salary in effect as of the date of the Change of Control without the Employee’s consent, except for across-the-board salary reductions similarly affecting all or substantially all similarly-situated officers of the Company and the Post-Transaction Company; (d)           The Employee is advised of, manifests an awareness of, or becomes aware of facts that would cause a reasonable person to inquire into any failure in any material respect by the Company or its Affiliates to comply with any of the provisions of this Agreement; or (e)           Any directive requiring the Employee to be based at any office or location other than as provided in Section 3.1(b)(ii) hereof or requiring the Employee to travel on business to a substantially greater extent than required immediately prior to the Change of Control. 1.12           Person.  “Person” shall mean a natural person or entity, and shall also mean the group or syndicate created when two or more Persons act as a syndicate or other group (including, without limitation, a partnership or limited partnership) for the purpose of acquiring, holding, or disposing of a security, except that “Person” shall not include an underwriter temporarily holding a security pursuant to an offering of the security. 1.14           Specified Employee.  “Specified Employee” shall mean the Employee if the Employee is a key employee under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(i) because of final and binding action taken by the Board or its Compensation Committee, or by operation of law or such regulation. ARTICLE II STATUS OF CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENTS ARTICLE III CHANGE OF CONTROL BENEFITS 3.2           Compensation and Benefits.  During the Employment Term, the Employee shall be entitled to the following compensation and benefits: (c)           Fringe Benefits.  The Employee shall be entitled to fringe benefits commensurate with those provided to his peer employees of the Company and its Affiliates, but in no event shall such fringe benefits be less favorable than the most favorable of those provided by the Company and its Affiliates for the Employee at any time during the one-year period immediately preceding the Change of Control or, if more favorable to the Employee, those provided generally at any time after the Change of Control to his peer employees of the Company and its Affiliates. (d)           Expenses.  The Employee shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by the Employee in accordance with the most favorable agreements, policies, practices and procedures of the Company and its Affiliates in effect for the Employee at any time during the one-year period immediately preceding the Change of Control or, if more favorable to the Employee, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to his peer employees of the Company and its Affiliates. (iii)           Without limiting the generality of the Company’s obligations under this subsection (e), the Company shall comply with all of its obligations under the benefit plans, practices, policies and programs of the Company and its Affiliates that arise in connection with a Change of Control of the Company, including without limitation all obligations that require the Company to (A) fully vest participants under the Company’s qualified or non-qualified retirement plans and (B) extend the benefits described in Section 3.5. (f)           Office and Support Staff.  The Employee shall be entitled to an office or offices of a size and with furnishings and other appointments, and to secretarial and other assistance, commensurate with those provided to his peer employees of the Company and its Affiliates. (g)           Vacation.  The Employee shall be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the most favorable agreements, plans, policies, programs and practices of the Company and its Affiliates as in effect for the Employee at any time during the one-year period immediately preceding the Change of Control or, if more favorable to the Employee, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to his peer employees of the Company and its Affiliates. 3.3           Obligations upon Termination after a Change of Control. (a)           Termination by Company for Reasons other than Death, Disability or Cause or by the Employee for Good Reason.  If, after a Change of Control and during the Employment Term, the Company or any of its Affiliates terminates the Employee’s employment, as defined in Treasury Regulations 1.409A-1(h)(1) (“Separation from Service”), other than for Cause, death or Disability, or the Employee terminates employment for Good Reason, subject to Section 3.3(d) and Section 3.6, if applicable: (v)           the Company at its cost shall provide to the Employee outplacement assistance by a reputable firm specializing in such services for the period beginning with the termination of employment and ending one year later; and (vi)           the Company shall discharge its obligations under all other applicable sections of this Article III, including Sections 3.4, 3.5, 3.6 and 3.7. 3.5           Stock Options and Other Incentives.  The foregoing benefits provided for in this Article III are intended to be in addition to the value or benefit of any stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares or similar awards, the exercisability, vesting or payment of which is accelerated or otherwise enhanced upon a Change of Control pursuant to the terms of any stock option, incentive or other similar plan or agreement heretofore or hereafter adopted by the Company or the Post-Transaction Company. 3.6           Conditional Payment Reductions. 3.7           Legal Fees.  The Company agrees to reimburse the Employee for all legal fees and other expenses which the Employee may reasonably incur as a result of any contest by the Company or the Post-Transaction Company of the validity or enforceability of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement, but only if, when and to the extent the Employee prevails with respect to such contest. 3.10         Other Severance Plans.  If the Employee becomes entitled to receive severance benefits under this Article III, the Company shall not be required to pay the Employee any additional severance payment under any other severance or salary continuation policy, plan, agreement or arrangement maintained by the Company or its Affiliates unless such other policy, plan, agreement or arrangement expressly provides to the contrary. ARTICLE IV NONDISCLOSURE, NONCOMPETITION AND NONSOLICITATION (ii)           contact any customer of the Company or its Affiliates to solicit, divert or entice away the business of such customer, or otherwise disrupt the relationship between such customer and the Company or its Affiliates; (iii)           solicit, induce, influence or attempt to influence any supplier, lessor, lessee, licensor, partner, joint venturer, potential acquiree or any other person who has a business relationship with the Company or its Affiliates, or who on the termination date is engaged in discussions or negotiations to enter into a business relationship with the Company or its Affiliates, to discontinue, reduce or limit the extent of such relationship with the Company or any of its Affiliates; (iv)           make contact with any employee of the Company or its Affiliates for the purpose of soliciting such employee for hire, whether as an employee, independent contractor, consultant or otherwise, or otherwise disrupting such employee’s relationship with the Company or its Affiliates; or ARTICLE V 5.1           Binding Effect; Successors. (b)           This Agreement is personal to the Employee and shall not be assignable by the Employee without the consent of the Company (there being no obligation to give such consent) other than such rights or benefits as are transferred by will or the laws of descent and distribution, which shall inure to the benefit of the Employee’s legal representatives. (c)           The Company shall require any successor to or assignee of (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, share exchange, merger, consolidation or otherwise) all or substantially all of the assets or businesses of the Company (i) to assume unconditionally and expressly this Agreement and (ii) to agree to perform or to cause to be performed all of the obligations under this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as would have been required of the Company had no assignment or succession occurred. (d)           The Company shall also require all entities that control or that after the transaction will control (directly or indirectly) the Company or any such successor or assignee to agree to cause to be performed all of the obligations under this Agreement. (e)           The obligations of the Company and the Employee which by their nature may require either partial or total performance after the expiration of the term of the Agreement shall survive such expiration. 5.2           Notices.  All notices hereunder must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given upon receipt of delivery by: (a) hand (against a receipt therefor), (b) certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (c) a nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) telecopy transmission with confirmation of delivery.  All such notices must be addressed as follows: If to the Company, to: CenturyLink, Inc. 100 CenturyLink Drive Monroe, Louisiana 71203 Attn:  General Counsel If to the Employee, to: {Insert name and address} or such other address as to which any party hereto may have notified the other in writing. 5.3           Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with and governed by the internal laws of the State of Louisiana without regard to principles of conflict of laws. 5.4           Withholding.  The Employee agrees that the Company has the right to withhold, from the amounts payable pursuant to this Agreement, all amounts required to be withheld under applicable income or employment tax laws, or as otherwise stated in documents granting rights that are affected by this Agreement. 5.7           Waiver of Breach.  Except as expressly provided herein to the contrary, the failure by any party to enforce any of its rights hereunder shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such rights, unless such waiver is an express written waiver.  The waiver by either party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach thereof. 5.8           Remedies Not Exclusive.  No remedy specified herein shall be deemed to be such party’s exclusive remedy, and accordingly, in addition to all of the rights and remedies provided for in this Agreement, the parties shall have all other rights and remedies provided to them by applicable law, rule or regulation, including without limitation the right to claim interest with respect to any payment not timely made hereunder. 5.10           Non-exclusivity of Rights.  Subject to Section 5.9, nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or limit the Employee’s continuing or future participation in any plan, program, policy or practice provided by the Company or any of its Affiliates and for which the Employee may qualify, nor shall anything herein limit or otherwise restrict such rights as the Employee may have under any contract or agreement with the Company or any of its Affiliates. 5.12           Authority.  The Company represents and warrants that (i) its execution and delivery of this Agreement has been duly authorized by the Board and (ii) no other corporate proceedings are necessary to authorize the Company’s execution, delivery and performance of  this Agreement. 5.13           Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 5.14           Interpretation.  Any reference to any section of the Code or the Treasury Regulations shall be deemed to also refer to any successor provisions thereto. 5.15           The Employee’s Acknowledgment.  The Employee represents to the Company that he has read and understands, and agrees to be bound by, each of the terms of this Agreement, including Article IV. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Employee have caused this Change of Control Agreement to be executed as of the Agreement Date. Appendix A PROHIBITED TERRITORIES EX-10.14D 9 exh10-14d.htm EXHIBIT 10.14D  Unassociated Document December 15, 2010 Glen F. Post, III Chief Executive Officer CenturyLink, Inc. 100 CenturyLink Drive Monroe, LA 71203 Dear Glen, On July 22, 2010, I notified you that December 31, 2010 would be my last date of employment under my Employment Agreement.  For the tax and other reasons we have discussed since then, my last date of employment will be December 15, 2010.  This letter agreement, which supersedes our July 22, 2010 letter agreement in its entirety, sets forth our agreement regarding the termination of my services. We agree as follows: I agree to provide to you the release of claims contemplated by Section 4.04(b) of my Employment Agreement within the time frame specified in such section.  In addition, we each agree that reasonably promptly following December 15, 2010, we each will execute and deliver to the other (i) any other releases or documents required under the Employment Agreement, and (ii) such other instruments as may reasonably be requested by the other. Please sign below, acknowledging the adequacy of this instrument under the Employment Agreement and our mutual agreement for December 15, 2010 to serve as the Termination Date thereunder on the terms and subject to the conditions specified above. Agreed and accepted as of the date of this letter agreement: CENTURYLINK, INC. By:  /s/ Glen F. Post, III                                                                                  Glen F. Post, III            Chief Executive Officer and President EMBARQ CORPORATION By: /s/ Glen F. Post, III                                                                                  Glen F. Post, III            Chief Executive Officer and President EX-10.14O 10 exh10-14o.htm EXHIBIT 10.14O  exh10-14o.htm FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE EMBARQ SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN WHEREAS, Embarq Corporation (the “Company”) maintains the Embarq Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the “Plan”), which was most recently restated effective January 1, 2009; WHEREAS, the Company desires to freeze the Plan effective January 1, 2011 in connection with the amendment to the Embarq Retirement Pension Plan (the “Retirement Pension Plan”) freezing the benefit accruals thereunder as of December 31, 2010; WHEREAS, the Company reserved the right to amend the Plan in Section 8.9 of the Plan; NOW, THEREFORE, the Plan is amended effective as of the dates specified below, as follows: Effective January 1, 2010, the definition of “Committee” in Section 2.1, Definitions, is amended to read as follows: “Committee” means the CenturyLink Retirement Committee. Effective January 1, 2011, Section 3, Participation, is amended by adding a new sentence at the end thereof to read as follows: Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective January 1, 2011, no employee shall become a covered employee and participate in the Plan if his employment with the Employer began after December 31, 2010. Effective January 1, 2011, Section 4.1, Computation of Benefit, is amended by adding a new paragraph at the end thereof to read as follows: Effective January 1, 2010, Sections 7.1 and 7.2 of the Plan are amended and restated to read as follows: Effective January 1, 2010, Sections 7.3 through 7.10 are deleted, and the remaining Sections 7.11 through 7.13 are renumbered accordingly. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this amendment on this 27th day of December, 2010. EX-12 11 exh12.htm EXHIBIT 12  exh12.htm CenturyLink, Inc. RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES AND PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDENDS EX-21 12 exh21.htm EXHIBIT 21  exh21.htm EX-23 13 exh23.htm EXHIBIT 23  Unassociated Document Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors CenturyLink, Inc.: /s/ KPMG LLP March 1, 2011 EX-31.1 14 exh31-1.htm EXHIBIT 31.1  exh31-1.htm I, Glen F. Post, III, Chief Executive Officer and President, certify that: EX-31.2 15 exh31-2.htm EXHIBIT 31.2  exh31-2.htm I, R. Stewart Ewing, Jr., Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, certify that: EX-32 16 exh32.htm EXHIBIT 32  exh32.htm CenturyLink, Inc. March 1, 2011 Securities and Exchange Commission 100 F Street, N.E. Washington, D.C. 20549 Re:          CenturyLink, Inc. Certification of Contents of Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2010 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Ladies and Gentlemen: The undersigned, acting in their capacities as the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of CenturyLink, Inc. (the “Company”), certify that the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and that the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by such report. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. Very truly yours, 
