UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark One) Commission file number 1-2191 BROWN SHOE COMPANY, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (314) 854-4000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  Yes R    No £ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  Yes £    No R Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes R    No £ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes  £     No £ Indicate by checkmark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  R Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes £    No R The aggregate market value of the stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of July 30, 2010, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately $641.3 million. As of February 26, 2011, 43,924,340 common shares were outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference Portions of the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 26, 2011, are incorporated by reference into Part III. This Annual Report on Form 10-K is a document that U.S. public companies file with the Securities and Exchange Commission every year. Part II of the Form 10-K contains the business information and financial statements that many companies include in the financial sections of their annual reports. The other sections of this Form 10-K include further information about our business that we believe will be of interest to investors. We hope investors will find it useful to have all of this information in a single document. The SEC allows us to report information in the Form 10-K by “incorporating by reference” from another part of the Form 10-K or from the proxy statement. You will see that information is “incorporated by reference” in various parts of our Form 10-K. The proxy statement will be available on our website after it is filed with the SEC in April 2011. Unless the context otherwise requires, “we,” “us,” “our,” “the Company” or “Brown Shoe” refers to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Information in this Form 10-K is current as of April 1, 2011, unless otherwise specified. CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Brown Shoe Company, Inc., founded in 1878 and incorporated in 1913, operates in the footwear industry. Current activities include the operation of retail shoe stores and e-commerce websites as well as the sourcing and marketing of footwear for women, men and children. Our business is seasonal in nature due to consumer spending patterns, with higher back-to-school and Christmas and Easter holiday season sales. Traditionally, the third fiscal quarter accounts for a substantial portion of our earnings for the year. We had approximately 13,400 full-time and part-time employees as of January 29, 2011. In the United States, there are no employees employed subject to union contracts.  In Canada, we employ approximately 20 warehousing employees under a union contract, which expires in October 2013. Our retail operations at January 29, 2011, included 1,369 retail shoe stores in the United States, Canada, China and Guam. The number of our retail footwear stores at the end of each of the last three fiscal years was as follows: With many companies operating retail shoe stores and departments, we compete in a highly fragmented market. Competitors include local, regional and national shoe store chains, department stores, discount stores, mass merchandisers, numerous independent retail operators of various sizes and internet retailers. Quality of products and services, store location, trend-right merchandise selection and availability of brands, pricing, advertising and customer service are all factors that impact retail competition. Famous Footwear Famous Footwear sells various Company-owned and licensed products. Such products are sold to Famous Footwear by our Wholesale Operations segment at a profit and represent approximately 15% of Famous Footwear net sales of footwear. Famous Footwear stores are located in strip shopping centers, as well as outlet and regional malls in all 50 states and Guam. The breakdown by venue is as follows at the end of each of the last three fiscal years: Sales per square foot were $187 in 2010, which was up from $167 in 2009. Same-store sales improved 10.5% during 2010. Same-store sales changes are calculated by comparing the sales in stores that have been open at least 13 months. Specialty Retail Our Specialty Retail segment, composed of 259 stores as of January 29, 2011, includes the following retail concepts and our Shoes.com and other e-commerce businesses, with the exception of FamousFootwear.com, which is included in the Famous Footwear segment. The Naturalizer retail stores are complementary to and a showcase for our Naturalizer brand of women’s shoes. These stores are designed and merchandised to appeal to the Naturalizer customer, who is style- and comfort-conscious and who seeks quality and value in her footwear selections. The Naturalizer stores offer a selection of women’s footwear styles, including casual, dress, boots and sandals, primarily under the Naturalizer brand. Retail price points typically range from $59 for shoes to $169 for boots. We own Shoes.com, Inc., a pure-play internet retailing company. Shoes.com offers a diverse selection of footwear and accessories to women, men and children that includes footwear purchased from outside suppliers, Company-branded and licensed footwear, and certain merchandise sold in Famous Footwear stores. In connection with our multi-channel approach to reach consumers, we also operate FamousFootwear.com, Naturalizer.com, Naturalizer.ca and ViaSpiga.com, which offer substantially the same product selection to consumers as sold in their respective retail stores. Additional websites such as ShoeSteal.com, DrSchollsShoes.com, SamEdelman.com, CarlosShoes.com, LifeStride.com, FergieShoes.com and FrancoSarto.com function as retail outlets for the online consumer and serve as additional brand-building vehicles for the Company. References to our website addresses do not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on the websites, and the information contained on the websites is not part of this report. Other Store Concepts Our Specialty Retail segment also includes other store concepts that sell other premium brands. These include retail stores operated under the Brown Shoe Closet, F.X. LaSalle, Via Spiga and Sam Edelman names. At the end of 2010, we operated 15 Brown Shoe Closet retail stores located in United States outlet malls, averaging approximately 2,100 square feet. These multi-branded outlet stores primarily carry Brown Shoe brands, including Etienne Aigner, Franco Sarto, Dr. Scholl’s, Carlos by Carlos Santana, Fergie and Nickels, with price points typically ranging from $49 to $89 for shoes and up to $179 for boots. We currently plan to close three stores in 2011. At the end of 2010, we operated 12 F.X. LaSalle retail stores, primarily in the Montreal, Canada, market, that sell better-grade women’s and men’s branded and private-label footwear. Canadian dollar retail price points for this footwear typically range from $110 to $250 per pair. These stores average approximately 2,300 square feet. We plan to close one F.X. LaSalle store in 2011. Portfolio of Brands Our Wholesale Operations segment offers retailers a portfolio of leading fashion brands, each targeted to a specific customer segment within the marketplace. Our brands are differentiated by style point of view, design level, material costs and quality, consumer-focused marketing and price points. Products sold under license agreements accounted for Wholesale Operations’ sales of approximately 44% in 2010, 48% in 2009 and 49% in 2008. LifeStride:  A leading entry-level price point women’s brand, LifeStride footwear offers feminine, fashionable styling at value pricing. The brand is sold in department stores, national and shoe chains, and our Famous Footwear retail stores. The LifeStride target consumer seeks great fashion-at-a-price. Suggested retail price points range from $39 for sandals to $89 for boots. LifeStride ranked No. 3 in market share position in the moderate zone within the women’s fashion footwear category across point-of-sale channels at the end of 2010, according to NPD Group. Brands and Licensed Products The following is a listing of our brands and licensed products: As denoted, these brands are used with permission from and, in most cases, are registered trademarks of: Brands listed under ASG above were acquired with the ASG acquisition on February 17, 2011. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. All other brands are owned by and, in most cases, are registered trademarks of Brown Shoe Company, Inc. or its consolidated subsidiaries. Brown Shoe Sourcing and Product Development Operations Brown Shoe Sourcing and Product Development Operations source and develop footwear for our Wholesale Operations and Specialty Retail segments and a portion of the footwear sold by our Famous Footwear segment. We have sourcing and product development offices in China, Hong Kong, Italy, Macau, New York City and St. Louis and through an agent partnership in Brazil and Central America. Sourcing Operations We monitor the quality of the components of all of our footwear prior to production and inspect prototypes of every footwear style. We also perform random in-line quality control checks during production and before footwear leaves the manufacturing facility. In 2010, 98% of the footwear we sourced was from manufacturing facilities in China. The following table provides an overview of our foreign sourcing in 2010: Product Development Operations In our Dongguan, China, and our Putien, China, offices, we operate a total of four sample-making facilities with unique and diverse capabilities, including footwear for women, men and children, providing speed, control and execution in product development. We maintain design teams for our brands in St. Louis, Missouri, New York and China as well as other select fashion locations, including Italy. These teams, which include independent designers, are responsible for the creation and development of new product styles. Our designers monitor trends in apparel and footwear fashion and work closely with retailers to identify consumer footwear preferences. Our design teams create collections of footwear and work closely with our product development and sourcing offices to translate our designs into new footwear styles. See Subsequent Event – Acquisition of American Sporting Goods Corporation section below for further information on the manufacturing, design, development and distribution facilities associated with ASG. Subsequent Event – Acquisition of American Sporting Goods Corporation On February 17, 2011, we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with American Sporting Goods Corporation (“ASG”) and ASG’s stockholders, pursuant to which one of our subsidiaries acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of ASG from the ASG stockholders on that date.  See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. ASG is a designer, manufacturer and marketer of a broad range of athletic footwear with a strong presence in walking, fitness and basketball.  It was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in Aliso Viejo, California. The acquisition adds performance athletic and outdoor footwear brands to our portfolio, including Avia, rykä, AND1, Nevados and Yukon, complementing our existing fitness and comfort offerings. Avia, a multisport endurance brand, offers shoes for endurance athletes, fitness enthusiasts and people seeking a healthy lifestyle.  The brand is primarily distributed through national and shoe chains, mass merchandisers and our Famous Footwear retail stores at retail price points of $40 to $130. rykä is a leading women’s performance lifestyle brand focused on fitness. rykä is managed, designed and solely dedicated to creating women’s performance footwear.  The brand is distributed through department stores, specialty retailers and our Famous Footwear retail stores at retail price points of $60 to $130. AND1 is an authentic basketball brand that caters to hard-core basketball players. Its product offerings appeal to youth and those seeking premium gear at affordable value. AND1 offers this “affordable premium” with retail price points from $20 to $80.  The brand is primarily distributed through national and shoe chains and our Famous Footwear retail stores. ASG operates three primary manufacturing facilities in China as well as other facilities in the United States and China used for design, development, distribution and sales and administrative purposes. ASG leases all of these facilities. The following is a list of the names and ages of the executive officers of the Company and of the offices held by each person. There is no family relationship between any of the named persons. The terms of the following executive officers will expire in May 2011. The period of service of each officer in the positions listed and other business experience are set forth below. Ronald A. Fromm, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since January 2004. Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company from January 1999 to December 2003. President of the Company’s branded division from April 1998 to January 1999. Executive Vice President, Famous Footwear from September 1992 to March 1998. On January 10, 2011, we announced that, effective May 26, 2011, Mr. Fromm will retire as our Chief Executive Officer but retain the position of Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company. Diane M. Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer since March 2006. President from January 2004 to March 2006. On January 10, 2011, we announced that, effective May 26, 2011, Ms. Sullivan will assume the position of President and Chief Executive Officer. Richard M. Ausick, Division President – Retail since January 2011. Division President – Famous Footwear from January 2010 to January 2011. Division President, Brown Shoe Wholesale from July 2006 to January 2010. Senior Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer of Famous Footwear from January 2002 to July 2006. Mark D. Lardie, Division President – Wholesale, Heritage Brands since January 2011. Division President – Wholesale from January 2010 to January 2011. Senior Vice President, General Merchandise Manager at Famous Footwear from June 2006 to January 2010. Vice President, General Merchandise Manager at Famous Footwear from January 2005 to June 2006. Daniel R. Friedman, Division President – Global Sourcing & Supply Chain since January 2011. Division President – Wholesale, Product and Sourcing from January 2010 to January 2011. Senior Vice President, Product Development and Sourcing from July 2006 to January 2010. Managing Director at Camuto Group, Inc. from 2002 to July 2006. John W. Schmidt, Division President – Wholesale, Better & Image Brands since January 2011.  Senior Vice President, Better & Image Brands from January 2010 to January 2011.  Senior Vice President and General Manager, Better & Image Brands from March 2008 until January 2010.  Various positions, including Vice President, President, Group President of Wholesale Footwear for Nine West Group from September 1998 to February 2008. Douglas W. Koch, Senior Vice President and Chief Talent & Strategy Officer since January 2011. Senior Vice President and Chief Talent Officer from May 2005 to January 2011. Senior Vice President, Human Resources from March 2002 to May 2005. Mark E. Hood, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since November 2006. Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Panera Bread Company from April 2003 to May 2006. Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration of Panera Bread Company from August 2002 to April 2003. Joseph Caro, Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer since November 2007. Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of the CitiFinancial International division of Citigroup, Inc. from December 2005 to July 2007. Michael I. Oberlander, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since March 2006. Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary from July 2001 to March 2006. Vice President and General Counsel from September 2000 to July 2001. Economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products, reduce access to credit and cause our customers and others with whom we do business to suffer financial hardship, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We face risks relating to competition. We face risks related to the maintenance of proper inventory levels. We face risks relating to changes in consumer preferences. We rely on foreign sources of production. We rely almost entirely on foreign sourcing for our footwear products. We source footwear products from independent third-party manufacturing facilities located in China and, to a much lesser extent, Brazil and other countries. At times, we are a major customer of these third-party manufacturing facilities. However, there is substantial competition in the footwear industry for quality footwear manufacturers. Accordingly, our future results will partly depend on maintaining close working relationships with our principal manufacturers. We cannot predict whether additional United States or foreign customs quotas, duties, taxes or other changes or restrictions will be imposed upon the importation of foreign produced products in the future or what effect such actions could have on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, our products depend on the availability of leather and other raw materials. Any significant shortage of quantities or increases in the cost of leather or other materials or resources used to produce our products could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We cannot predict the effect that changes in the economic and political conditions in the United States and China could have on the economics of doing business with Chinese manufacturers. Examples include, but are not limited to, the following: Any of the conditions described above, including the continuation of certain trends identified, could adversely affect our current manufacturers’ operations and the ability to source footwear from these manufacturers, and we may experience difficulties or delays in sourcing our footwear as well as higher footwear costs. Although we purchase most products from foreign manufacturers in United States dollars and otherwise engage in foreign currency hedging transactions, we cannot ensure that we will not experience cost variations with respect to exchange rate changes. For example, although we purchase footwear made in China using United States dollars, recently Chinese manufacturers have been increasing their United States dollar prices to compensate for the appreciation of the Chinese currency against the United States dollar. We face risks relating to operating newly acquired manufacturing facilities in China. Our acquisition of ASG on February 17, 2011, included manufacturing facilities in China that are now owned and operated by Brown Shoe. Although these facilities account for only a portion of total production of performance athletic footwear and outdoor brands acquired from ASG, these manufacturing operations are subject to a number of potential risks. Such risks include, among others: These risks may have an adverse effect on our Chinese manufacturing operations and on our overall business and results of operations. We lease the land where our Chinese manufacturing facilities are located from the Chinese government through land use rights agreements. Although we believe our relationship with the Chinese government is good, if the Chinese government decided to terminate our land use rights agreements, our assets could become impaired, and our ability to meet our customers’ orders could be impacted. This could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We face risks relating to customer concentration in our wholesale business. We are dependent on our information technology systems. We may fail to protect the integrity and security of customer and associate information. We routinely possess sensitive customer and associate information and, while we have taken reasonable and appropriate steps to protect that information, if our security procedures and controls were compromised, it could harm our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition and may increase the costs we incur to protect against such information security breaches, such as increased investment in technology, the costs of compliance with consumer protection laws and costs resulting from consumer fraud.   We depend on key personnel to manage our business effectively and may be unable to retain senior management and recruit and retain other key associates. We face risks relating to our licensed and owned intellectual property. Many of our license agreements require minimum royalty payments. Our ability to generate sufficient sales and profitability to cover these minimum royalty requirements is not guaranteed, and if sales of such products are not sufficient to generate these minimum payments, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We are dependent on leased locations. We are dependent on distribution centers. We are dependent on major branded suppliers. We face risks that our quarterly sales and earnings may fluctuate, which may result in volatility in our stock price. We could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws, policies and treaties. We may face transitional challenges with acquisitions and/or joint ventures. With our recent acquisition of ASG, we have expanded our presence in the highly competitive performance footwear market. We could be adversely affected by the failure of financial institutions to fulfill their commitments under our Credit Agreement. We may be unable to maintain our credit rating, thus negatively affecting our ability to access capital and increasing our interest expense. We are subject to periodic litigation and other regulatory proceedings. We are subject to rising insurance costs. We are subject to legislative or regulatory initiatives related to global warming/climate change concerns, which could negatively affect our business. We own our principal executive, sales and administrative offices located in Clayton (“St. Louis”), Missouri. Our Canada wholesale division operates from an owned building in Perth, Ontario, and from leased office space in Laval, Quebec. Our Wholesale Operations division also utilizes leased office space in New York, New York, where we also maintain a showroom for our wholesale brands. The footwear sold through our domestic wholesale divisions is processed through one of two main distribution centers: a Company-owned distribution center in Sikeston, Missouri, which has 720,000 square feet, including mezzanine levels, and one third-party facility in Chino, California. We lease office space in China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and Italy and four sample-making facilities in Dongguan, China, and Putien, China. We own a vacant manufacturing facility in Stirling, Ontario; an office building in Perth, Ontario, which is leased to a third-party; a building in Denver, Colorado, which is leased to a third-party; and undeveloped land in Colorado and New York. See Item 3, Legal Proceedings, for further discussion of certain of these properties. See Subsequent Event – Acquisition of American Sporting Goods Corporation section in Item 1, Business, for further information on the properties associated with ASG. We are involved in legal proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the outcome of such ordinary course business proceedings and litigation currently pending will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. We are involved in environmental remediation and ongoing compliance activities at several sites. We are remediating, under the oversight of Colorado authorities, contamination at and beneath our owned facility in Colorado (also known as the “Redfield” site) and groundwater and indoor air in residential neighborhoods adjacent to and near the property, which have been affected by solvents previously used at the site and surrounding facilities. See Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the Redfield matter. Our prior operations included numerous manufacturing and other facilities for which we may have responsibility under various environmental laws to address conditions that may be identified in the future. Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) and the Chicago Stock Exchange under the trading symbol “BWS.” As of January 29, 2011, we had approximately 3,600 shareholders of record. The following table sets forth for each fiscal quarter during 2010 and 2009 the high and low sales prices per share of our common stock as reported on the NYSE and the dividends paid per share. Restrictions on the Payment of Dividends Our Credit Agreement and our 8.75% senior notes due in 2012 (the “Senior Notes”) limit the amount of dividends that can be declared and paid. However, we do not believe this limitation materially restricts the Board of Directors’ ability to declare or our ability to pay regular quarterly dividends to our common stockholders. In addition to this limitation, the declaration and payment of dividends and the amount of dividends will depend on our results of operations, financial conditions, future prospects and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following table represents issuer purchases of equity securities. Stock Performance Graph The selected financial data set forth below should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and the other information contained elsewhere in this report. All data presented reflects the fiscal year ended on the Saturday nearest to January 31. Certain prior-period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current-period presentation. These reclassifications did not affect net earnings (loss) attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. See Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for additional information related to the selected financial data above. Business Overview We are a footwear company with both retail and wholesale operations and have annual net sales of over $2.5 billion. We are a fashion footwear marketer, offering the consumer a powerful portfolio of great footwear stores and global footwear brands. As both a retailer and a wholesaler, we have a perspective on the marketplace that enables us to serve consumers from different vantage points. We believe our diversified business model provides us with synergies by spanning consumer segments, categories and distribution channels. Our goal is to be the leading footwear marketer, while winning loyal customers with compelling global brands. We are a consumer-driven enterprise. To successfully provide consumers with the product they want, we leverage our partnerships with our customers and suppliers. We also believe that a combination of talent acquisition, thoughtful planning and rigorous execution are keys to our success in optimizing our business and brand portfolio. The footwear industry is subject to changing consumer demands and fashion trends, and our success depends in large part on our ability to anticipate, understand and react to these changing consumer demands. The success of our retail stores is also driven by the relative strength of consumer spending, primarily in the United States. The level of consumers’ disposable income impacts consumer preferences and purchasing patterns. Another long-term success factor for our retail business is placing our stores in locations desirable to our target consumer. Our major brands, both owned and licensed, include Naturalizer, Dr. Scholl’s, Sam Edelman, Franco Sarto, LifeStride, Buster Brown, Via Spiga, Etienne Aigner, Carlos by Carlos Santana, Vera Wang Lavender, Fergie/Fergalicious by Fergie and Nickels Soft. As a result of our acquisition of ASG on February 17, 2011, we have added some major performance athletic and outdoor footwear brands such as Avia, rykä, AND1, Nevados and Yukon. Our wholesale business model focuses on maximizing the sell-through of our product to the final consumer rather than maximizing sell-ins to our retail customers. This business model focuses on a continuous flow of smaller quantities of new goods versus large preseason sell-ins, thereby minimizing markdowns and allowances. We have seen success with this consumer-driven approach and believe it has improved the performance of many of our brands and believe additional opportunities exist to capitalize on this business model.   Financial Highlights The following is a summary of the financial highlights for 2010: There were several items that impacted our 2010 and 2009 operating results that should be considered in evaluating the comparability of our results. Items impacting selling and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of earnings are as follows: Items impacting restructuring and other special charges, net in our consolidated statements of earnings are as follows: Recent Developments Subsequent Event – Acquisition of ASG and Related Financing Effective February 17, 2011, the Loan Parties under our Credit Agreement exercised the $150.0 million designated event accordion feature to fund the acquisition of ASG, increasing the aggregate amount available under the Credit Agreement from $380.0 million to $530.0 million. The Credit Agreement still provides for access to an additional $150.0 million of optional availability pursuant to a separate accordion feature, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions and approval of the lenders. Additionally, we incurred costs of $1.1 million ($0.7 million on an after-tax basis, or $0.02 per diluted share) during 2010, as a component of restructuring and other special charges, net related to the acquisition, with no corresponding costs last year. In 2011, ASG will be consolidated within our Wholesale Operations segment. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. Additional Investment in Edelman Shoe, Inc. Information Technology Initiatives During 2009, we incurred expenses of $9.2 million ($5.8 million on an after-tax basis, or $0.14 per diluted share) as a component of restructuring and other special charges, net related to these initiatives. Of the $9.2 million in expenses recorded during 2009, $0.3 million was recorded in the Wholesale Operations segment, and the remaining expense was recorded in the Other segment. Outlook for 2011 Following are the consolidated results and the results by segment for 2010, 2009 and 2008: Net Sales Same-store sales changes are calculated by comparing the sales in stores that have been open at least 13 months. This method avoids the distorting effect that grand opening sales have in the first month of operation. Relocated stores are treated as new stores, and closed stores are excluded from the calculation. Sales change from new and closed stores, net, reflects the change in net sales due to stores that have been opened or closed during the period and are thereby excluded from the same-store sales calculation. Gross Profit We classify warehousing, distribution, sourcing and other inventory procurement costs in selling and administrative expenses. Accordingly, our gross profit and selling and administrative expenses rates, as a percent of net sales, may not be comparable to other companies. Selling and Administrative Expenses Selling and administrative expenses increased $63.3 million, or 7.4%, to $923.0 million in 2010 compared to $859.7 million last year and increased $7.9 million, or 0.9%, in 2009 compared to $851.8 million in 2008. Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets We incurred charges related to the impairment of our goodwill and intangible assets of $149.2 million in 2008 as a result of the deterioration of general economic conditions, industry trends and the resulting decline in our share price and market capitalization, with no corresponding charges in 2010 or 2009. See Note 1 and Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to impairment of goodwill and intangible assets. Restructuring and Other Special Charges, Net Restructuring and other special charges, net decreased $4.0 million, or 33.6%, to $7.9 million during 2010, compared to $11.9 million last year as a result of several factors, as follows (see Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to these charges and recoveries): As a percent of net sales, restructuring and other special charges, net decreased to 0.3% in 2010, from 0.5% last year, reflecting the above-named factors. Restructuring and other special charges, net decreased $42.4 million, or 78.0%, to $11.9 million during 2009, compared to $54.3 million in 2008 as a result of several factors, as follows: As a percent of net sales, restructuring and other special charges, net decreased to 0.5% in 2009, from 2.4% in 2008, reflecting the above-named factors. Equity in Net Loss of Nonconsolidated Affiliate Operating Earnings (Loss) Operating earnings increased $41.2 million, or 130.5%, to $72.7 million in 2010 compared to $31.5 million last year due to the increase in net sales and decline in restructuring and other special charges, net, partially offset by an increase in our selling and administrative expenses and a decline in gross profit rate, as discussed above. We reported operating earnings of $31.5 million in 2009 compared to an operating loss of $173.3 million in 2008 due primarily to the nonrecurrence of the charge for impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, a decline in restructuring and other special charges, net and an increase in gross profit rate, partially offset by a decline in net sales and an increase in our selling and administrative expenses as discussed above. Interest Expense Interest expense decreased $0.5 million, or 2.7%, to $19.7 million in 2010 compared to $20.2 million last year and increased $3.1 million, or 18.1%, in 2009 compared to $17.1 million in 2008. The decrease in interest expense in 2010 is primarily due to lower rates on borrowings under our Revolving Credit Agreement, increased capitalization of interest related to our integrated ERP information technology system and decreased interest expense associated with a sublease arrangement that was expanded during 2009. Increased interest expense resulting from higher average borrowings under our Revolving Credit Agreement partially offset these decreases. The increase in interest expense in 2009 primarily reflected higher average borrowings under our Revolving Credit Agreement and higher amortization of debt issuance costs, partially offset by lower rates on our borrowings under our Revolving Credit Agreement. Income Tax (Provision) Benefit Our consolidated effective tax rate was a provision of 30.4% in 2010 compared to 10.8% in 2009 and a benefit of 28.5% in 2008. Our consolidated effective tax rate is generally below the federal statutory rate of 35% because our foreign earnings are subject to lower statutory tax rates. In 2010, we experienced pretax earnings in both our domestic operations and foreign jurisdictions. Our domestic operations are generally subject to a normal combined tax rate of 35% to 39%, while foreign jurisdictions are generally subject to lower statutory tax rates. This mix of domestic and foreign pretax earnings resulted in an overall effective tax provision rate of 30.4% in 2010. In 2009, we incurred a pretax loss in our domestic operations and pretax earnings in foreign jurisdictions. This combination of a domestic loss and foreign earnings resulted in an overall effective tax provision rate of 10.8% in 2009. In 2008, we also incurred a pretax loss in our domestic operations and pretax earnings in foreign jurisdictions. The combination of a domestic loss and foreign earnings, the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, some of which is not deductible for tax purposes, and the recognition of certain state tax incentives resulted in an overall effective tax benefit rate of 28.5% in 2008. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our tax rates. Net Earnings (Loss) Attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. We reported net earnings attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. of $37.2 million in 2010, compared to $9.5 million last year as a result of the reasons noted above. We reported net earnings attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. of $9.5 million in 2009, compared to a net loss attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. of $133.2 million in 2008 as a result of the reasons noted above. Geographic Results The pretax profitability on foreign sales is higher than on domestic sales because of a lower cost structure and the inclusion in domestic earnings of the unallocated corporate administrative and other costs. We incurred domestic and foreign earnings before income taxes in 2010 primarily as a result of the strong sales results in both our retail and wholesale businesses, partially offset by higher selling and administrative expenses, a portion of which are variable with higher sales volumes. Our performance is primarily attributable to the record sales results and operating earnings gains within our Famous Footwear segment and sales growth within our Wholesale Operations segment due to capitalization on key footwear trends. We incurred domestic losses before income taxes in 2009 primarily as a result of the weak consumer environment that existed during the majority of 2009 and the impact of higher selling and administrative expenses and higher interest expense. We began to experience positive business trends in the second half of 2009 as the consumer spending patterns began to improve. We incurred domestic losses before income taxes in 2008 as a result of the weak consumer environment and the impact of higher domestic costs in 2008 primarily related to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets and higher restructuring and other special charges, net. Net Sales Net sales increased $43.6 million, or 3.3%, to $1.4 billion in 2009 compared to $1.3 billion in 2008. During 2009, net closed stores provided a $36.7 million increase in net sales, and higher average retail prices, partially offset by a decline in customer traffic levels, led to a same-store sales increase of 0.5%, or $6.9 million. The increase in average retail prices was primarily due to overall improvement in the second half of 2009, in particular with strong sales in our boots and health and wellness product categories. Sales per square foot were relatively flat compared to 2008. Gross Profit Gross profit increased $76.1 million, or 12.8%, to $669.0 million in 2010 compared to $592.9 million last year due to the higher net sales and a higher gross profit rate. As a percent of net sales, our gross profit increased to 45.0% in 2010 compared to 43.5% last year. The increase in our gross profit rate was driven by a significant decrease in promotional activity and strong sales of higher-margin product categories, including health and wellness and boots, during 2010. Gross profit increased $21.3 million, or 3.7%, to $592.9 million in 2009 compared to $571.6 million in 2008 due to the increase in net sales and the slight improvement in gross profit rate. As a percent of net sales, our gross profit increased to 43.5% in 2009 compared to 43.3% in 2008. Selling and Administrative Expenses Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets In 2008, we incurred charges related to the impairment of our goodwill of $3.5 million as a result of the deterioration of general economic conditions, industry trends and the resulting decline in our share price and market capitalization, with no corresponding charges in 2010 or 2009. As a percent of net sales, impairment of goodwill and intangible assets was 0.3% in 2008. See Note 1 and Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to impairment of goodwill and intangible assets. Restructuring and Other Special Charges, Net We incurred costs related to our expense and capital containment initiatives of $3.8 million in 2008, with no corresponding charges in 2010 or 2009. As a percent of net sales, restructuring and other special charges, net were 0.3% in 2008. Operating Earnings Operating earnings increased $45.8 million, or 102.7%, to $90.4 million for 2010, compared to $44.6 million last year. The execution of our strategic initiatives has led to improved performance metrics, including a higher conversion rate in our stores, higher average retail prices and increases in customer traffic levels. These factors resulted in an increase in net sales and gross profit rate, partially offset by the increase in selling and administrative expenses, as described above. As a percent of net sales, operating earnings increased to 6.1% in 2010 compared to 3.3% last year. Operating earnings increased $17.6 million, or 65.5%, to $44.6 million for 2009, compared to $27.0 million for 2008. The increase was primarily driven by the increase in net sales and gross profit rate, partially offset by the increase in selling and administrative expenses. In addition, we incurred charges in 2008 related to the impairment of our goodwill of $3.5 million and our expense and capital containment initiatives of $3.8 million, with no corresponding charges in 2009. As a percent of net sales, operating earnings increased to 3.3% in 2009 compared to 2.0% in 2008. Net Sales Gross Profit Gross profit decreased $0.1 million, or 0.1%, to $205.8 million in 2009 compared to $205.9 million in 2008 due to a decline in net sales partially offset by a higher gross profit rate. As a percent of net sales, our gross profit increased to 32.6% in 2009, from 29.3% in 2008. The increase in gross profit rate was due primarily to shifts in channel and brand mix and lower provisions for customer allowances. In addition, the higher-margin boot category performed comparatively better in 2009. Selling and Administrative Expenses Selling and administrative expenses increased $24.7 million, or 15.1%, to $189.1 million during 2010 compared to $164.4 million last year, due primarily to higher anticipated payments under our incentive plans, higher marketing expenses and higher selling and merchandising expenses, some of which are variable with higher sales volume. As a percent of net sales, selling and administrative expenses decreased to 25.0% in 2010 from 26.0% last year, reflecting the better leveraging of our expense base over the higher sales volume. Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets In 2008, we incurred charges related to the impairment of our goodwill and intangible assets of $129.1 million as a result of the deterioration of general economic conditions, industry trends and the resulting decline in our share price and market capitalization, with no corresponding charges in 2010 or 2009. As a percent of net sales, impairment of goodwill and intangible assets was 18.4% in 2008. See Note 1 and Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to impairment of goodwill and intangible assets. Restructuring and Other Special Charges, Net Restructuring and other special charges, net increased $0.4 million to $0.7 million, with $0.3 million of corresponding charges last year. All charges incurred during 2010 and 2009 were related to our information technology initiatives. As a percent of net sales, restructuring and other special charges, net was 0.1% in 2010 and 2009. Restructuring and other special charges, net decreased $14.1 million to $0.3 million in 2009 compared to $14.4 million in 2008. The decrease was attributable to expense and capital containment initiative costs of $14.4 million incurred in 2008, with no corresponding charges in 2009. Charges incurred during 2009 related to our information technology initiatives of $0.3 million partially offset the decline from 2008. As a percent of net sales, restructuring and other special charges, net decreased to 0.1% in 2009 from 2.1% in 2008. Equity in Net Loss of Nonconsolidated Affiliate Operating Earnings (Loss) Operating earnings decreased $8.9 million, or 21.6%, to $32.2 million in 2010 compared to $41.1 million last year. The decrease was primarily driven by the increase in selling and administrative expenses and decrease in gross profit rate, partially offset by the increase in net sales. As a percent of net sales, operating earnings decreased to 4.3% in 2010 compared to 6.5% last year. Operating earnings increased $149.2 million, or 138.1%, to $41.1 million in 2009 compared to an operating loss of $108.1 million in 2008, reflecting primarily the nonrecurrence of the charge for impairment of goodwill and intangible assets and declines in restructuring and other special charges, net and selling and administrative expenses, as described above. As a percent of net sales, operating earnings increased to 6.5% in 2010 compared to an operating loss of 15.4% in 2008. Net Sales Gross Profit Gross profit increased $8.1 million, or 7.7%, to $112.5 million in 2010 compared to $104.4 million last year, reflecting higher net sales and a slight increase in gross profit rate. As a percent of net sales, our gross profit increased to 42.8% in 2010, from 42.4% last year, due to an increase in gross profit rate in our retail stores resulting from improved retail sell-through, partially offset by a lower gross profit rate for Shoes.com. Gross profit decreased $0.3 million, or 0.3%, to $104.4 million in 2009 compared to $104.7 million in 2008, reflecting lower net sales, partially offset by an increase in gross profit rate. As a percent of net sales, our gross profit increased to 42.4% in 2009, from 41.5% in 2008, driven by lower freight expenses and lower markdowns at Shoes.com. As a percent of net sales, gross profit in our retail stores declined during 2009. Selling and Administrative Expenses Selling and administrative expenses decreased $0.1 million, or 0.2%, to $118.5 million during 2010 compared to $118.6 million last year, primarily resulting from the lower store count, partially offset by an increase in the Canadian dollar exchange rate. As a percent of net sales, selling and administrative expenses decreased to 45.1% in 2010 compared to 48.2% last year reflecting the factors listed above and better leveraging of our expense base over the higher sales volume. Selling and administrative expenses increased $0.6 million, or 0.5%, to $118.6 million during 2009 compared to $118.0 million in 2008. The increase reflects higher general and administrative and retail facility expenses, partially offset by a decline in marketing expenses. As a percent of net sales, selling and administrative expenses increased to 48.2% in 2009 compared to 46.8% in 2008 primarily as a result of the decline in net sales. Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets In 2008, we incurred charges related to the impairment of our goodwill of $16.6 million as a result of the deterioration of general economic conditions, industry trends and the resulting decline in our share price and market capitalization, with no corresponding charges in 2010 or 2009. As a percent of net sales, impairment of goodwill and intangible assets was 6.6% in 2008. See Note 1 and Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to impairment of goodwill and intangible assets. Restructuring and Other Special Charges, Net We incurred costs related to our expense and capital containment initiatives of $0.6 million in 2008, with no corresponding charges in 2010 or 2009. As a percent of net sales, restructuring and other special charges, net were 0.2% in 2008. Operating Loss Operating loss decreased $8.2 million, or 58.1%, to $6.0 million for 2010 compared to $14.2 million for last year, primarily due to an increase in net sales, as described above. Operating loss decreased $16.3 million, or 53.3%, to $14.2 million for 2009 compared to $30.5 million for 2008, due primarily to the nonrecurrence of $16.6 million in charges related to the impairment of goodwill experienced in 2008. The Other segment includes unallocated corporate administrative and other costs and recoveries. The segment reported costs of $44.0 million, $40.0 million and $61.7 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. There were several factors impacting the $4.0 million increase in costs from 2009 to 2010, as follows: There were several factors impacting the $21.7 million decrease in costs from 2008 to 2009, as follows: During 2010, we recorded restructuring and other special charges, net of $7.9 million, including $6.8 million in expenses related to our information technology initiatives and $1.1 million in acquisition-related costs related to our February 17, 2011, acquisition of ASG. See the Financial Highlights and Recent Developments sections above and Note 2 and Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to these charges and the acquisition of ASG. During 2009, we recorded restructuring and other special charges, net of $11.9 million, including $9.2 million in expenses related to our information technology initiatives, $4.6 million in expenses related to the retirement of two executive officers, partially offset by $1.9 million of income related to our headquarters consolidation. See the Recent Developments section above and Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to these charges and recoveries. During 2008, we recorded restructuring and other special charges, net of $54.3 million, including $30.9 million in charges related to our expense and capital containment initiatives, $29.8 million in charges associated with our headquarters consolidation and $3.7 million in expenses related to our information technology initiatives, partially offset by $10.1 million of income related to insurance recoveries, net of associated fees and costs. See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to these charges and recoveries. Total debt obligations increased $103.5 million, or 42.3%, to $348.0 million at the end of 2010 compared to $244.5 million at the end of last year, due to an increase in borrowings under our Revolving Credit Agreement. Interest expense in 2010 was $19.7 million compared to $20.2 million in 2009 and $17.1 million in 2008. Credit Agreement Interest on borrowings is at variable rates based on the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) or the prime rate, as defined in the Credit Agreement, plus a spread. The interest rate and fees for letters of credit varies based upon the level of excess availability under the Credit Agreement. There is an unused line fee payable on the unused portion under the facility and a letter of credit fee payable on the outstanding face amount under letters of credit. At January 29, 2011, we had $198.0 million in borrowings outstanding and $10.4 million in letters of credit outstanding under the Credit Agreement. Total additional borrowing availability was $171.6 million at January 29, 2011. Effective February 17, 2011, the Loan Parties exercised the $150.0 million designated event accordion feature to fund the acquisition of ASG, increasing the aggregate amount available under the Credit Agreement from $380.0 million to $530.0 million. The Credit Agreement still provides for access to an additional $150.0 million of optional availability pursuant to the general purpose accordion feature, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions and approval of the lenders. We believe that borrowing capacity under our Credit Agreement will be adequate to meet our expected operational needs, capital expenditure plans and provide liquidity for potential acquisitions.   Senior Notes The Senior Notes also contain certain other covenants and restrictions that limit certain activities including, among other things, levels of indebtedness, payments of dividends, the guarantee or pledge of our assets, certain investments, common stock repurchases, mergers and acquisitions and sales of assets. As of January 29, 2011, we were in compliance with all covenants relating to the Senior Notes. We anticipate that we will refinance our Senior Notes during 2011. We believe we will be able to refinance our Senior Notes on favorable terms, but can give no assurance that we will be able to do so. Working Capital and Cash Flow Reasons for the major variances in cash provided (used) in the table above are as follows: Cash flow from operating activities was $120.4 million lower in 2010 as compared to 2009,  reflecting several factors: These factors were partially offset by an increase in net earnings. Cash flow from financing activities was $87.3 million higher than last year, primarily due to higher  borrowings, net of repayments, under our Revolving Credit Agreement. Partially offsetting this increase, in 2010, we acquired the remaining 50% of our noncontrolling interest in Edelman Shoe as well as incurred $2.6 million of debt issuance costs in connection with our new Revolving Credit Agreement, with no corresponding costs in 2009. Certain accounting issues require management estimates and judgments for the preparation of financial statements. Our most significant policies requiring the use of estimates and judgments are listed below. Revenue Recognition Gift Cards Inventories are our most significant asset, representing approximately 46% of total assets at the end of 2010. We value inventories at the lower of cost or market, with 93% of consolidated inventories using the last-in, first-out (“LIFO”) method. An actual valuation of inventory under the LIFO method can be made only at the end of each year based on the inventory levels and costs at that time. Accordingly, interim LIFO calculations are based on management’s estimates of expected year-end inventory levels and costs and are subject to the final year-end LIFO inventory valuation. The Company physically counts all merchandise inventory on hand at least annually and adjusts the recorded balance to reflect the results of the physical counts. The Company records estimated shrinkage between physical inventory counts based on historical results. Inventory shrinkage is included as a component of cost of goods sold. Income Taxes We record deferred taxes for the effects of timing differences between financial and tax reporting. These differences relate principally to employee benefit plans, accrued expenses, bad debt reserves, depreciation and amortization and inventory. At January 29, 2011, we have net operating loss carryforwards at certain of our subsidiaries. We evaluate these carryforwards for realization based upon their expiration dates and our expectations of future taxable income. As deemed appropriate, valuation reserves are recorded to adjust the recorded value of these carryforwards to the expected realizable value. Goodwill and Intangible Assets Store Closing and Impairment Charges We regularly analyze the results of all of our stores and assess the viability of underperforming stores to determine whether events or circumstances exist that indicate the stores should be closed or whether the carrying amount of their long-lived assets may not be recoverable. After allowing for an appropriate start-up period, unusual nonrecurring events or favorable trends, we write down to fair value the fixed assets of stores indicated as impaired. Litigation Contingencies We are the defendant in several claims and lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business. We do not believe any of these ordinary- course-of-business proceedings will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. We accrue our best estimate of the cost of resolution of these claims. Legal defense costs of such claims are recognized in the period in which we incur the costs. See Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for a further description of commitments and contingencies. Environmental Matters Share-based Compensation Retirement and Other Benefit Plans We sponsor pension plans in both the United States and Canada. Our domestic pension plans cover substantially all United States employees, and our Canadian pension plans cover certain employees based on plan specifications. In addition, we maintain an unfunded Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (“SERP”) and sponsor unfunded defined-benefit postretirement life insurance plans that cover both salaried and hourly employees who had become eligible for benefits by January 1, 1995. We determine our expense and obligations for retirement and other benefit plans based on assumptions related to discount rates, expected long-term rates of return on invested plan assets, expected salary increases and certain employee-related factors, such as turnover, retirement age and mortality among others. Our assumptions reflect our historical experiences and our best judgment regarding future expectations. Additional information related to our assumptions is as follows: See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our retirement and other benefit plans. Impact of Prospective Accounting Pronouncements Recent accounting pronouncements and their impact on the Company are described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. At January 29, 2011, we were contingently liable for remaining lease commitments of approximately $1.1 million in the aggregate, which relate to former retail locations that we exited in prior years. These obligations will continue to decline over the next several years as leases expire. In order for us to incur any liability related to these lease commitments, the current lessees would have to default. The table below sets forth our significant future obligations by time period. Further information on certain of these commitments is provided in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, which are cross-referenced in this table. Our obligations outstanding as of January 29, 2011, include the following: A description of our accounting policies for derivative financial instruments is included in Notes 1 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements. In addition, we are exposed to translation risk because some of our foreign operations are in local currency and must be translated into United States dollars. As currency exchange rates fluctuate, translation of our financial statements of foreign businesses into United States dollars affects the comparability of financial results between years. Our financing arrangements include $198.0 million of outstanding variable rate debt under the Credit Agreement at January 29, 2011. We also have $150.0 million in Senior Notes, which bear interest at a fixed rate of 8.75%. Changes in interest rates impact fixed and variable rate debt differently. For fixed rate debt, a change in interest rates will only impact the fair value of the debt, whereas a change in the interest rates on variable rate debt will impact interest expense and cash flows. At January 29, 2011, the fair value of our long-term debt is estimated at approximately $152.2 million based upon the pricing of our Senior Notes at that time. Market risk is viewed as the potential change in fair value of our debt resulting from a hypothetical 10% adverse change in interest rates and would be $1.3 million for our long-term debt at January 29, 2011. Information appearing under the caption Risk Management and Derivatives in Note 13 and Fair Value Measurements in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements is incorporated herein by reference. Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Shareholders Brown Shoe Company, Inc. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, Brown Shoe Company, Inc., maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 29, 2011, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Brown Shoe Company, Inc. as of January 29, 2011, and January 30, 2010, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 29, 2011, and our report dated April 1, 2011, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.                     /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP St. Louis, Missouri April 1, 2011 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Shareholders Brown Shoe Company, Inc. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Brown Shoe Company, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of January 29, 2011, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated April 1, 2011, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.               /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP St. Louis, Missouri April 1, 2011 See notes to consolidated financial statements.   See notes to consolidated financial statements. See notes to consolidated financial statements. See notes to consolidated financial statements. Brown Shoe Company, Inc. (the “Company”), founded in 1878 and incorporated in 1913, is a footwear retailer and wholesaler. The Company’s shares are traded under the “BWS” symbol on the New York and Chicago Stock Exchanges. The Company’s business is seasonal in nature due to consumer spending patterns, with higher back-to-school and Christmas and Easter holiday season sales. Traditionally, the third fiscal quarter accounts for a substantial portion of the Company’s earnings for the year. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries, after the elimination of intercompany accounts and transactions. Noncontrolling Interests Accounting Period The Company’s fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period ending the Saturday nearest to January 31. Fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008 ended on January 29, 2011, January 30, 2010, and January 31, 2009, respectively, and each included 52 weeks. Basis of Presentation Certain prior-period amounts on the consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to current-period presentation. These reclassifications did not affect net earnings (loss) attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Computer Software Costs The Company capitalizes certain costs in other assets, including internal payroll costs, incurred in connection with the development or acquisition of software for internal use. Other assets on the consolidated balance sheets include $60.9 million and $47.4 million of unamortized computer software costs as of January 29, 2011, and January 30, 2010, respectively. Property and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation of property and equipment is provided over the estimated useful lives of the assets or the remaining lease terms, where applicable, using the straight-line method. Capitalized Interest Interest costs applicable to major asset additions are capitalized during the construction or development period and amortized over the lives of the related assets, including $1.3 million in 2010, $1.0 million in 2009 and $0.2 million in 2008. Interest Expense Interest expense includes interest for borrowings under both the Company’s Senior Notes and its Revolving Credit Agreement. Interest expense includes fees paid under the Revolving Credit Agreement for the unused portion of its line of credit. Interest expense also includes the amortization of deferred debt issuance costs as well as the accretion of certain discounted noncurrent liabilities. Goodwill and Intangible Assets Goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized but are subject to annual impairment tests using primarily a discounted cash flow approach. The Company performs impairment tests during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year unless events indicate an interim test is required. Other intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives and are reviewed for impairment if and when impairment indicators are present. During 2008, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge for goodwill and intangible assets of $149.2 million ($119.2 million on an after-tax basis, or $2.87 per diluted share) as a result of a substantial decrease in its share price and market capitalization, reflecting the difficult market conditions and industry trends experienced during 2008. See Note 10 for additional information related to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets. Self-Insurance Reserves Revenue Recognition Gift Cards Loyalty Program Store Closing and Impairment Charges The costs of closing stores, including lease termination costs, property and equipment write-offs and severance, as applicable, are recorded when the store is closed or when a binding agreement is reached with the landlord to close the store. Advertising and Marketing Expense All advertising and marketing costs are expensed at the time the event occurs or the promotion first appears in media or in the store, except for direct response advertising that relates primarily to the production and distribution of the Company’s catalogs and coupon mailers. Direct response advertising costs are amortized over the expected future revenue stream, which is one to three months from the date materials are mailed. In addition, the Company participates in co-op advertising programs with certain of its wholesale customers. For those co-op advertising programs where the Company has validated the fair value of the advertising received, co-op advertising costs are reflected as advertising expense within selling and administrative expenses. Otherwise, co-op advertising costs are reflected as a reduction of net sales. Income Taxes Operating Leases The Company leases its store premises and distribution center premises under operating leases. Many leases entered into by the Company include options under which the Company may extend the lease term beyond the initial commitment period, subject to terms agreed to at lease inception. Most leases also include early termination options that can be exercised under specific conditions. Contingent Rentals Many of the leases covering retail stores require contingent rentals in addition to the minimum monthly rental charge based on retail sales volume. The Company records expense for contingent rentals during the period in which the retail sales volume exceeds the respective targets. Construction Allowances Received From Landlords At the time its retail facilities are initially leased, the Company often receives consideration from landlords to be applied against the cost of leasehold improvements necessary to open the store. The Company treats these construction allowances as a lease incentive. The allowances are recorded as a deferred rent obligation upon receipt and amortized to income over the lease term as a reduction of rent expense. The allowances are reflected as a component of other accrued expenses and deferred rent on the consolidated balance sheets. Straight-Line Rents and Rent Holidays Preopening Costs Preopening costs associated with opening retail stores, including payroll, supplies and facility costs, are expensed as incurred. Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share Attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. Shareholders Comprehensive Income (Loss) Comprehensive income (loss) includes the effect of foreign currency translation adjustments, unrealized gains or losses from derivatives used for hedging activities, and pension and other postretirement benefits adjustments. Foreign Currency Translation Derivative Financial Instruments The Company recognizes all derivative financial instruments as either assets or liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets and measures those instruments at fair value. The Company evaluates its exposure to volatility in foreign currency rates and may enter into derivative transactions as it deems necessary. These derivative financial instruments are viewed as risk management tools and are not used for trading or speculative purposes. See additional information related to derivative financial instruments in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements. Share-based Compensation Impact of New Accounting Pronouncements Impact of Prospective Accounting Pronouncements Edelman Shoe, Inc. Edelman Shoe, Inc. (“Edelman Shoe”) is a leading designer and marketer of fashion footwear. The Sam Edelman brand was launched in 2004 and is primarily sold through department stores and independent retailers. In 2007, the Company invested cash of $7.1 million in Edelman Shoe, acquiring 42.5% of the outstanding stock. On November 3, 2008, the Company invested an additional $4.1 million of cash in Edelman Shoe, acquiring 7.5% of the outstanding stock, bringing the Company’s total equity interest to 50%. Beginning November 3, 2008, the Company’s consolidated financial statements included the accounts of Edelman Shoe as a result of the Company’s determination that Edelman Shoe was a VIE, for which the Company was the primary beneficiary. At the beginning of fiscal 2010, the Company adopted amended consolidation guidance applicable to VIEs, evaluated the impact on the existing variable interests in Edelman Shoe and determined that Edelman Shoe continued to be a VIE that was appropriately consolidated by the Company. American Sporting Goods Corporation – Subsequent Event (Unaudited) On February 17, 2011, subsequent to fiscal 2010 year-end, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with American Sporting Goods Corporation (“ASG”) and ASG’s stockholders, pursuant to which a subsidiary of the Company acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of ASG (the “ASG Stock”) from the ASG stockholders on that date.  The aggregate purchase price for the ASG Stock was $145.0 million in cash plus assumed net debt, and included a $2.0 million cash earn-out contingent upon ASG’s achievement of certain financial targets. ASG is a designer, manufacturer and marketer of a broad range of athletic footwear with a strong presence in walking, fitness and basketball.  It was founded in 1983 and headquartered in Aliso Viejo, California. The acquisition adds performance athletic and outdoor footwear brands to the Company’s portfolio, including Avia, rykä, AND1, Nevados and Yukon, and complements the Company’s existing fitness and comfort offerings. Effective February 17, 2011, the Loan Parties under the Company’s Credit Agreement exercised the $150.0 million designated event accordion feature to fund the $145.0 million purchase price for ASG, increasing the aggregate amount available under the Credit Agreement from $380.0 million to $530.0 million. The Credit Agreement still provides for access to an additional $150.0 million of optional availability pursuant to a separate accordion feature, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions and approval of the lenders. The Company incurred acquisition-related costs of $1.1 million ($0.7 million on an after-tax basis, or $0.02 per diluted share) during 2010, as a component of restructuring and other special charges, net. The acquisition of ASG will be recorded in accordance with the acquisition method, and it is expected that goodwill and intangible assets will be recorded on the consolidated balance sheets. However, as the initial accounting for the business combination has not been completed as of April 1, 2011, including the measurement of certain intangible assets and goodwill, further details have not yet been disclosed. As discussed in Note 1, the Company began using the two-class method to compute basic and diluted earnings (loss) per common share attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. shareholders at the beginning of 2009. In periods of net loss, no effect is given to the Company’s participating securities since they do not contractually participate in the losses of the Company. The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings (loss) per common share attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. shareholders: Options to purchase 1,186,570 and 1,679,335 shares of common stock in 2010 and 2009, respectively, were not included in the denominator for diluted earnings per common share attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. shareholders because the effect would be antidilutive. Due to the Company’s net loss attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. in 2008, the denominator for diluted loss per common share attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. shareholders is the same as the denominator for basic loss per common share attributable to Brown Shoe Company, Inc. shareholders. Comprehensive income (loss) includes changes in equity related to foreign currency translation adjustments, unrealized gains or losses from derivatives used for hedging activities and pension and other postretirement benefits adjustments. The following table sets forth the reconciliation from net earnings (loss) to comprehensive income (loss) for the periods ended January 29, 2011, January 30, 2010 and January 31, 2009: The following table sets forth the balance in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the Company at January 29, 2011, January 30, 2010 and January 31, 2009: See additional information related to derivative financial instruments in Note 1, Note 13 and Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements and additional information related to pension and other postretirement benefits in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements. Information Technology Initiatives Acquisition-related Costs On February 17, 2011, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with ASG and ASG’s stockholders, pursuant to which a subsidiary of the Company acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of ASG from the ASG stockholders on that date. During 2010, the Company incurred acquisition-related costs totaling $1.1 million ($0.7 million on an after-tax basis, or $0.02 per diluted share) to effect the acquisition of ASG. All of the costs recorded during 2010 were reflected within the Other segment. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. Organizational Changes During November 2009, the Company made a series of changes within its leadership team as two executives announced plans to retire during 2010. During the fourth quarter of 2009, the Company incurred charges of $4.6 million ($2.8 million on an after-tax basis, or $0.07 per diluted share), related to their retirement. All of the costs recorded during 2009 were reflected within the Other segment as a component of restructuring and other special charges, net. No additional charges were incurred during 2010, and all charges have been settled in 2010. Headquarters Consolidation The following is a summary of the charges and settlements by category of costs: Expense and Capital Containment Initiatives The following is a summary of the charges and settlements by category of costs: Of the $30.9 million in costs recorded during 2008, $14.4 million was recorded in the Wholesale Operations segment, $12.1 million was recorded in the Other segment, $3.8 million was recorded in the Famous Footwear segment and $0.6 million was recorded in the Specialty Retail segment. All of the costs recorded during 2008 were reflected as a component of restructuring and other special charges, net. A tax benefit of $11.8 million associated with the costs was recorded during 2008. The write-off of assets during 2008 of $0.5 million, included in facility costs, was a noncash item. Environmental Insurance Recoveries, Net The Company also maintains an unfunded Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (“SERP”). As of January 29, 2011, the projected benefit obligation of this plan was $12.7 million, and the accumulated benefit obligation was $11.1 million. In addition to providing pension benefits, the Company sponsors unfunded defined-benefit postretirement life insurance plans that cover both salaried and hourly employees who had become eligible for benefits by January 1, 1995. The life insurance plans provide coverage ranging from $1 to $20 thousand for qualifying retired employees. Benefit Obligations The following table sets forth changes in benefit obligations, including all domestic and Canadian plans: The accumulated benefit obligation for the United States pension plans was $196.6 million and $181.8 million as of January 29, 2011, and January 30, 2010, respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation for the Canadian pension plans was $5.1 million and $4.3 million as of January 29, 2011 and January 30, 2010, respectively. Plan Assets Assets of the Canadian pension plans, which total approximately $5.7 million at January 29, 2011, were invested 57% in equity funds, 41% in bond funds and 2% in money market funds. The Canadian pension plans did not include any Company stock as of January 29, 2011, or January 30, 2010. A financial instrument’s level within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. See further discussion on the fair value hierarchy in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements. Following is a description of the pension plan investments measured at fair value, including the general classification of such investments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. The fair values of the Company’s pension plan assets at January 29, 2011, by asset category are as follows: The following table sets forth changes in the fair value of plan assets, including all domestic and Canadian plans: Employer contributions and benefits paid in the above table include both those amounts contributed directly to and paid directly from plan assets and those amounts paid directly to plan participants. Funded Status The over-funded status as of January 29, 2011, and January 30, 2010, for pension benefits was $50.5 million and $42.2 million, respectively. The under-funded status as of January 29, 2011, and January 30, 2010, for other postretirement benefits was $3.2 million and $3.7 million, respectively. Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets consist of: The projected benefit obligation, the accumulated benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets for pension plans with a projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets and for pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets, which includes only the Company’s SERP, were as follows: The accumulated postretirement benefit obligation exceeds assets for all of the Company’s other postretirement benefit plans. The amounts in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss that have not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefits (income) cost at January 29, 2011 and January 30, 2010, and the expected amortization of the January 29, 2011 amounts as components of net periodic benefit cost (income) for the year ended January 28, 2012, are as follows: Net Periodic Benefit Cost Net periodic benefit (income) cost for 2010, 2009 and 2008 for all domestic and Canadian plans included the following components: The prior service cost is amortized on a straight-line basis over the average future service of active plan participants benefiting under the plan at the time of each plan amendment. The net actuarial loss (gain) subject to amortization is amortized on a straight-line basis over the average future service of active plan participants as of the measurement date. The net transition asset is amortized over the estimated service life. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on historical and projected rates of return for current and planned asset classes in the plan’s investment portfolio. Assumed projected rates of return for each asset class were selected after analyzing experience and future expectations of the returns. The overall expected rate of return for the portfolio was developed based on the target allocation for each asset class. Expected Cash Flows Information about expected cash flows for all pension and postretirement benefit plans follows: Defined-Contribution Plans The Company’s domestic defined-contribution 401(k) plan covers salaried and certain hourly employees. Company contributions represent a partial matching of employee contributions, generally up to a maximum of 3.5% of the employee’s salary and bonus. The Company’s expense for this plan was $3.0 million, $3.2 million and $3.3 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The Company’s Canadian defined-contribution plan covers certain salaried and hourly employees. The Company makes contributions for all eligible employees, ranging from 3% to 5% of the employee’s salary. In addition, eligible employees may voluntarily contribute to the plan. The Company’s expense for this plan was $0.3 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008. Deferred Compensation Plan Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors The components of earnings (loss) before income taxes consisted of domestic earnings (loss) before income taxes of $23.8 million, $(6.8) million and $(217.2) million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively, and foreign earnings before income taxes of $29.4 million, $18.5 million and $28.6 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The components of income tax provision (benefit) on earnings (loss) were as follows: The Company received federal, state and foreign tax refunds, net of payments of $4.6 million in 2010 and made tax payments, net of refunds, of $(13.0) million in 2009 and $(1.4) million in 2008. The differences between the tax provision (benefit) reflected in the consolidated financial statements and the amounts calculated at the federal statutory income tax rate of 35% were as follows: The other category of income tax provision (benefit) principally represents the impact of expenses that are not deductible for federal income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company’s deferred income tax assets and liabilities were as follows: At the end of 2010, the Company had a net operating loss carryforward with a tax value of $1.8 million related to Shoes.com, which expires in 2019, and various state net operating loss carryforwards with tax values totaling $10.0 million. A valuation allowance of $6.3 million has been established related to these operating loss carryforwards. The Company also has a valuation allowance of $0.5 million related to share-based compensation. The remaining net operating loss will be carried forward to future tax years. As of January 29, 2011, no deferred taxes have been provided on the accumulated unremitted earnings of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries that are not subject to United States income tax. At January 29, 2011, the Company had approximately $131 million of cash and cash equivalents at its Canadian and other foreign subsidiaries. Uncertain Tax Positions FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes, establishes a single model to address accounting for uncertain tax positions. The standard clarifies the accounting for income taxes by prescribing a minimum recognition threshold a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements. The standard also provides guidance on derecognition, measurement classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: If the unrecognized tax benefits were to be recognized in full, the net amount that would be reflected in the income statement tax provision, thereby impacting the effective tax rate, would be $0.7 million at January 29, 2011, and $1.3 million at both January 30, 2010, and January 31, 2009.  Estimated interest and penalties related to the underpayment of income taxes were classified as a component of the income tax provision (benefit) in the consolidated statements of earnings and were insignificant in both 2010 and 2009 and $0.1 million in 2008.  Accrued interest and penalties were $0.3 million at January 29, 2011, and $0.4 million at January 30, 2010. The Company has settled examinations by the Internal Revenue Service of tax years through February 3, 2007 (fiscal year 2006). The Company also files tax returns in various foreign jurisdictions and numerous states for which various tax years are subject to examination. The Company does not expect any significant changes to its liability for unrecognized tax benefits during the next 12 months. The Company’s reportable segments include Famous Footwear, Wholesale Operations, Specialty Retail and Other. Famous Footwear, which represents the Company’s largest division, operated 1,110 stores at the end of 2010, primarily selling branded footwear for the entire family. Wholesale Operations source and market licensed, branded and private-label footwear primarily to national chains, mass merchandisers and department stores as well as Company-owned Famous Footwear and Specialty Retail divisions. The Specialty Retail operations included 127 stores in the United States, 117 stores in Canada and 15 stores in China at the end of 2010, selling primarily Naturalizer brand footwear in regional malls and outlet centers as well as other e-commerce businesses. The Other segment includes corporate assets and administrative expenses and other costs and recoveries that are not allocated to the operating units. Following is a reconciliation of operating earnings (loss) to earnings (loss) before income taxes: In 2010, the impact of restructuring and other special charges, net included in operating earnings was as follows: In 2009, the impact of restructuring and other special charges, net included in operating earnings was as follows: In 2008, the impact of impairment of goodwill and intangible assets and restructuring and other special charges, net included in operating loss was as follows: For geographic purposes, the domestic operations include the wholesale distribution of licensed, branded and private-label footwear to a variety of retail customers and nationwide operation of the Company’s retail chains, including Famous Footwear and Specialty Retail, and e-commerce business. The Company’s foreign operations primarily consist of wholesale distribution operations in the Far East and retail operations in Canada, China and Guam. The Far East operations include first-cost transactions, where footwear is sold at foreign ports to customers who then import the footwear into the United States and other countries. A summary of the Company’s net sales and long-lived assets by geographic area were as follows: Long-lived assets consisted primarily of property and equipment, intangible assets, prepaid pension costs and other noncurrent assets. Property and equipment consisted of the following: Useful lives of property and equipment are as follows: Selling and administrative expenses include charges for impairment, primarily for leasehold improvements and fixtures in the Company’s retail stores, of $2.8 million, $3.9 million and $2.7 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Fair value was based on estimated future cash flows to be generated by retail stores, discounted at a market rate of interest. As of January 30, 2010, the Company had intangible assets of $77.2 million (net of $43.1 million accumulated amortization). Intangible assets of $13.7 million, primarily related to trademarks, are not subject to amortization. Intangible assets were attributable to the Company's operating segments as follows: The decline in the intangible assets of the Company’s Wholesale Operations segment from January 30, 2010, to January 29, 2011 reflected amortization of its licensed and owned trademarks. As a result of annual impairment testing, the Company did not record any impairment charges during 2010 or 2009 related to intangible assets. 2008 Impairment Charges Goodwill Impairment Intangible Asset Impairment The non-cash goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges in 2008 did not have an adverse effect on the covenant calculations under the Company’s debt agreements or its overall compliance with the covenants of its debt agreements. The impairment of goodwill and intangible assets resulted in a reduction of goodwill and intangible assets, net on the consolidated balance sheet, and the impairment amount was disclosed separately as impairment of goodwill and intangible assets within the consolidated statements of earnings and consolidated statements of cash flows. Credit Agreement Interest on borrowings is at variable rates based on the London Inter-Bank Offer Rate (“LIBOR”) or the prime rate, as defined in the Credit Agreement, plus a spread. The interest rate and fees for letters of credit varies based upon the level of excess availability under the Credit Agreement. There is an unused line fee payable on the unused portion under the facility and a letter of credit fee payable on the outstanding face amount under letters of credit. The maximum amount of borrowings under either the Credit Agreement or Former Credit Agreement at the end of any month was $220.0 million in 2010 and $128.0 million in 2009. The average daily borrowings during the year were $91.9 million in 2010 and $77.6 million in 2009. The weighted-average interest rates approximated 3.2% in 2010 and 3.5% in 2009. At January 29, 2011, the Company had $198.0 million in borrowings outstanding and $10.4 million in letters of credit outstanding under the Credit Agreement. Total additional borrowing availability was $171.6 million at January 29, 2011. Effective February 17, 2011, the Loan Parties exercised the $150.0 million designated event accordion feature to fund the acquisition of ASG, increasing the aggregate amount available under the Credit Agreement from $380.0 million to $530.0 million. The Credit Agreement still provides for access to an additional $150.0 million of optional availability pursuant to the general purpose accordion feature, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions and approval of the lenders. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. Senior Notes The Senior Notes also contain certain other covenants and restrictions that limit certain activities including, among other things, levels of indebtedness, payments of dividends, the guarantee or pledge of assets, certain investments, common stock repurchases, mergers and acquisitions and sales of assets. As of January 29, 2011, the Company was in compliance with all covenants relating to the Senior Notes. Cash payments of interest for these financing arrangements during 2010, 2009 and 2008 were $18.0 million, $17.7 million and $15.0 million, respectively. The Company anticipates refinancing its Senior Notes during 2011. The Company believes it will be able to refinance its Senior Notes on favorable terms but can give no assurance that it will be able to do so. Rent expense for operating leases was: Future minimum payments under noncancelable operating leases with an initial term of one year or more were as follows at January 29, 2011: General Risk Management The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents and certain other financial instruments with various financial institutions. The financial institutions are located throughout the world, and the Company’s policy is designed to limit exposure to any one institution or geographic region. The Company’s periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing of these financial institutions are considered in the Company’s investment strategy. The Company’s Wholesale Operations segment sells to national chains, mass merchandisers and department stores primarily in the United States, Canada and China. Receivables arising from these sales are not collateralized; however, a portion is covered by documentary letters of credit. Credit risk is affected by conditions or occurrences within the economy and the retail industry. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers and historical trends. The Company’s hedging strategy uses forward contracts as cash flow hedging instruments, which are recorded in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets at fair value. The effective portion of gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of these hedge instruments are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified to earnings in the period that the hedged transaction is recognized in earnings. As of January 29, 2011, the Company had forward contracts maturing at various dates through January 2012. The contract amount represents the net amount of all purchase and sale contracts of a foreign currency. The classification and fair values of derivative instruments designated as hedging instruments included within the consolidated balance sheet as of January 29, 2011 and January 30, 2010 are as follows: During 2010 and 2009, the effect of derivative instruments in cash flow hedging relationships on the consolidated statement of earnings was as follows: All of the gains and losses currently included within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) associated with the Company’s foreign exchange forward contracts are expected to be reclassified into net earnings within the next 12 months. Additional information related to the Company’s derivative financial instruments are disclosed within Note 1 and Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements. Fair Value Hierarchy FASB guidance on fair value measurements and disclosures specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (“observable inputs”) or reflect the Company’s own assumptions of market participant valuation (“unobservable inputs”). In accordance with the fair value guidance, the hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the reliability of the inputs as follows: In determining fair value, the Company utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the extent possible as well as considers counterparty credit risk in its assessment of fair value. Classification of the financial or non-financial asset or liability within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Measurement of Fair Value The Company measures fair value as an exit price, the price to sell an asset or transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, using the procedures described below for all financial and non-financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value. Money Market Funds The Company has cash equivalents consisting of short-term money market funds backed by U.S. Treasury securities. The primary objective of these investing activities is to preserve its capital for the purpose of funding operations and it does not enter into money market funds for trading or speculative purposes. The fair value is based on unadjusted quoted market prices for the funds in active markets with sufficient volume and frequency (Level 1). Deferred Compensation Plan Assets Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors Derivative Financial Instruments The Company uses derivative financial instruments, primarily foreign exchange contracts, to reduce its exposure to market risks from changes in foreign exchange rates. These foreign exchange contracts are measured at fair value using quoted forward foreign exchange prices from counterparties corroborated by market-based pricing (Level 2). Additional information related to the Company’s derivative financial instruments is disclosed in Note 1 and Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements. The following table presents the Company’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at January 29, 2011, and January 30, 2010. The Company did not have any transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during 2010 or 2009: Store Impairment Charges Fair Value of the Company’s Other Financial Instruments The fair values of cash and cash equivalents (excluding money market funds discussed above), receivables and trade accounts payable approximate their carrying values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying amounts and fair values of the Company’s other financial instruments subject to fair value disclosures are as follows: The fair value of borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement approximated their carrying value due to the short-term nature, and the fair value of the Company’s Senior Notes was based upon quoted prices as of the end of the respective periods. Stock Repurchase Program In January 2008, the Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program (“2008 Program”) authorizing the repurchase of up to 2.5 million shares of the Company’s outstanding common stock. The Company can utilize the repurchase program to repurchase shares on the open market or in private transactions from time to time, depending on market conditions. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date. There have been no shares repurchased under the 2008 Program. Repurchases Related to Employee Share-based Awards During 2010 and 2009, 70,995 shares and 25,227 shares, respectively, were tendered by employees related to certain share-based awards. These shares were tendered in satisfaction of the exercise price of stock options and/or to satisfy minimum tax withholding amounts for non-qualified stock options, restricted stock and stock performance awards. Accordingly, these share repurchases are not considered a part of the Company’s publicly announced stock repurchase programs. The Company has share-based incentive compensation plans under which certain officers, employees and members of the Board of Directors are participants and may be granted stock option, restricted stock and stock performance awards. FASB ASC 718, Compensation – Stock Compensation, and FASB ASC 505, Equity, require companies to recognize compensation expense in an amount equal to the fair value of all share-based payments granted to employees over the requisite service period for each award. In certain limited circumstances, the Company’s incentive compensation plan provides for accelerated vesting of the awards, such as in the event of a change in control, qualified retirement, death or disability. The Company has a policy of issuing treasury shares in satisfaction of share-based awards. Share-based compensation expense of $6.1 million, $4.7 million and $2.6 million was recognized in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively, as a component of selling and administrative expenses. The following table details the share-based compensation expense by plan and the total related income tax benefit for 2010, 2009 and 2008: The Company issued 546,300, 568,681 and 490,568 shares of common stock in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively, for restricted stock grants, stock options exercised and stock performance awards issued to employees and common and restricted stock grants issued to directors. Other than the amendment to the structured payout for the Company’s 2008 stock performance awards discussed in the Stock Performance Awards section to follow, there were no significant modifications to any share-based awards in 2010, 2009 or 2008. Stock Options Stock options are granted to employees at exercise prices equal to the quoted market price of the Company’s stock at the date of grant. Stock options generally vest over four years and have a term of 10 years. Compensation cost for all stock options is recognized over the requisite service period for each award. No dividends are paid on unexercised options. Expense for stock options is recognized on a straight-line basis separately for each vesting portion of the stock option award. The Company granted 143,000, 212,400 and 103,500 stock options during 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Fair values of options granted in 2010, 2009 and 2008 were estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following assumptions: Dividend yields are based on historical dividend yields. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatilities of the Company’s common stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected term of the options. The expected term of options represents the weighted-average period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding, giving consideration to vesting schedules and the Company’s historical exercise patterns. Summarized information about stock options outstanding and exercisable at January 29, 2011 is as follows: The weighted-average remaining contractual term of stock options outstanding and currently exercisable at January 29, 2011, was 4.7 years and 3.8 years, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options outstanding and currently exercisable at January 29, 2011, was $2.6 million and $1.2 million, respectively. Intrinsic value for stock options is calculated based on the exercise price of the underlying awards as compared to the quoted price of the Company’s common stock as of the reporting date. The following table summarizes stock option activity for 2010 under the current and prior plans: The following table summarizes nonvested stock option activity for 2010 under the current and prior plans: The weighted-average grant date fair value of stock options granted for 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $7.48, $1.57 and $5.30, respectively. The total grant date fair value of stock options vested during 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $1.3 million, $2.2 million and $3.5 million, respectively. As of January 29, 2011, the total remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock options amounted to $0.7 million, which will be amortized over the weighted-average remaining requisite service period of 2.2 years. Restricted Stock The following table summarizes restricted stock activity for the year ended January 29, 2011: The Company recognized ($0.3) million, ($0.1) million and $0.1 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively, of excess tax (deficiencies) benefits related to restricted stock vesting and dividends, which was reflected as a (decrease) increase to additional paid-in capital. Restricted Stock Units for Non-Employee Directors The following table summarizes restricted stock unit activity for the year ended January 29, 2011: Information about RSUs granted, vested and settled during 2010, 2009 and 2008 is as follows: The following table details the RSU compensation expense (income) and the total related income tax (benefit) provision for 2010, 2009 and 2008: The aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs outstanding and currently vested at January 29, 2011, is $2.7 million and $1.9 million, respectively. Aggregate intrinsic value for RSUs is calculated based on the average of the high and low prices of the Company’s common stock as of the reporting date. As of January 29, 2011, and January 30, 2010, the liabilities associated with the accrued RSUs totaled $2.4 million and $1.6 million, respectively. Stock Performance Awards Expense for stock performance awards is recognized based upon the fair value of the awards on the date of grant and the anticipated number of shares to be awarded on a straight-line basis over the three-year service period. The fair value of the stock performance awards is the quoted market price for the Company’s common stock on the date of grant. The Company had nonvested outstanding stock performance awards for 520,375 shares at a target level as of January 29, 2011, which may result in the issuance of up to 780,563 shares at the end of the service periods. The following table summarizes stock performance activity for the year ended January 29, 2011: Hongguo International Holdings Environmental Remediation Prior operations included numerous manufacturing and other facilities for which the Company may have responsibility under various environmental laws for the remediation of conditions that may be identified in the future. The Company is involved in environmental remediation and ongoing compliance activities at several sites and has been notified that it is or may be a potentially responsible party at several other sites. The Company is involved in legal proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the outcome of such ordinary course of business proceedings and litigation currently pending is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations or financial position. All legal costs associated with litigation are expensed as incurred. In 2004, the Company was notified of the insolvency of an insurance company that insured the Company for workers’ compensation and casualty losses from 1973 to 1989. That company is now in liquidation. Certain claims from that time period are still outstanding, for which the Company has an accrued liability of $1.6 million as of January 29, 2011. While management believes it has an appropriate reserve for this matter, the ultimate outcome and cost to the Company may vary. At January 29, 2011, the Company was contingently liable for remaining lease commitments of approximately $1.1 million in the aggregate, which relate to former retail locations that it exited in prior years. These obligations will continue to decline over the next several years as leases expire. In order for the Company to incur any liability related to these lease commitments, the current lessees would have to default. In 2005, Brown Shoe Company, Inc. issued Senior Notes, which are fully and unconditionally and jointly and severally guaranteed by all of its existing and future subsidiaries that are guarantors under its existing Credit Agreement. The following table presents the condensed consolidating financial information for each of Brown Shoe Company, Inc. (“Parent”), the Guarantors and subsidiaries of the Parent that are not Guarantors (the “Non-Guarantors”), together with consolidating eliminations, as of and for the periods indicated. The condensed consolidating financial statements have been prepared using the equity method of accounting in accordance with the requirements for presentation of such information. Management believes that the information, presented in lieu of complete financial statements for each of the Guarantors, provides meaningful information to allow investors to determine the nature of the assets held by, and the operations and cash flows of, each of the consolidated groups. Quarterly financial results (unaudited) for the years 2010 and 2009 are as follows: The fourth quarter of 2010 included: The fourth quarter of 2009 included: Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management’s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of January 29, 2011 can be found in Item 8 of this report. The effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of January 29, 2011, was audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which can also be found in Item 8 of this report. Based on the evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that there have been no changes in the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors during the quarter ended January 29, 2011, other than those described above relating to the implementation of the new ERP system, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Information regarding Directors of the Company is set forth under the caption Election of Directors in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 26, 2011, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding Executive Officers of the Registrant is set forth under the caption Executive Officers of the Registrant that can be found in Item 1 of this report, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding Section 16, Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance, is set forth under the caption Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 26, 2011, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding the Audit Committee and the Audit Committee financial expert is set forth under the captions Board Meetings and Committees and Audit Committee, respectively, in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 26, 2011, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding the Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Code of Ethics is set forth under the caption Corporate Governance in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 26, 2011, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding Executive Compensation is set forth under the section titled Executive Compensation and under the caption Compensation of Non-Employee Directors in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 26, 2011, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding the Compensation Committee Report is set forth under the caption Report of the Compensation Committee in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 26, 2011, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation is set forth under the caption Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held  May 26, 2011, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding Company Stock Ownership by Directors, Officers and Principal Holders of Our Stock is set forth under the caption Stock Ownership by Directors, Executive Officers and 5% Shareholders in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 26, 2011, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table sets forth aggregate information regarding the Company’s equity compensation plans as of January 29, 2011: Information regarding share-based plans is set forth in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements and is hereby incorporated by reference. Information regarding Certain Relationships and Related Transactions is set forth under the caption Related Party Transactions in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 26, 2011, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding Director Independence is set forth under the caption Director Independence in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 26, 2011, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding our Principal Accounting Fees and Services is set forth under the caption Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accountants in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 26, 2011, which information is incorporated herein by reference.   Denotes management contract or compensatory plan arrangements. Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: April 1, 2011 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant, on the dates and in the capacities indicated. EX-4.1D 2 bws10k2010ex4_1d.htm EXHIBIT 4.1D  bws10k2010ex4_1d.htm SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE W I T N E S S E T H WHEREAS, the Company and the other Guarantors party thereto have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture (as supplemented to the date hereof, the “Indenture”), dated as of April 22, 2005 providing for the issuance of the Company’s 8.75% Senior Notes due 2012 (the “Notes”); WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall, subject to Article Ten of the Indenture, unconditionally guarantee the Notes on the terms and conditions set forth therein (the “Note Guarantee”); and WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture. NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company, the Guarantors, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries and the Trustee agree as follows for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes: 1. Capitalized Terms.  Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 2. Agreement to Guarantee. (a) Subject to Article Ten of the Indenture, each Guaranteeing Subsidiary fully and unconditionally guarantees to each Holder of a Note authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors and assigns, irrespective of the validity and enforceability of the Indenture, the Notes or the obligations of the Company hereunder or thereunder, that: (i) the principal of, premium, if any, and interest and Additional Interest, if any, on the Notes will be promptly paid in full when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, redemption or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal of, premium, if any, and interest and Additional Interest, if any, on the Notes, if lawful (subject in all cases to any applicable grace period provided herein), and all other obligations of the Company to the Holders or the Trustee hereunder or thereunder will be promptly paid in full, all in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof; and (ii) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or any of such other obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise.  Failing payment when due of any amount so guaranteed for whatever reason, the Guarantors shall be jointly and severally obligated to pay the same immediately.  The Guaranteeing Subsidiary agrees that this is a guarantee of payment and not a guarantee of collection. (c)           Each Guaranteeing Subsidiary, subject to Section 6.06 of the Indenture, hereby waives diligence, presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company, any right to require a proceeding first against the Company, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenants that this Note Guarantee shall not be discharged except by complete performance of the obligations contained in the Notes and the Indenture. (d)           If any Holder or the Trustee is required by any court or otherwise to return to the Company, the Guarantors, or any custodian, trustee, liquidator or other similar official acting in relation to any of the Company or the Guarantors, any amount paid by any of them to the Trustee or such Holder, this Note Guarantee, to the extent theretofore discharged, shall be reinstated in full force and effect. (e)           Each Guaranteeing Subsidiary agrees that it shall not be entitled to any right of subrogation in relation to the Holders in respect of any obligations guaranteed hereby until payment in full of all obligations guaranteed hereby. (g)           Each Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall have the right to seek contribution from any non-paying Guarantor so long as the exercise of such right does not impair the rights of the Holders under the Note Guarantee. 3.           Execution and Delivery.  Each Guaranteeing Subsidiary agrees that the Note Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of the Note Guarantee. 4.           Guaranteeing Subsidiaries May Consolidate, Etc., on Certain Terms.  No Guaranteeing Subsidiary may sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to, or consolidate with or merge with or into, any Person other than as set forth in Section 10.04 of the Indenture. 5.           Release.  Each Guaranteeing Subsidiary’s Note Guarantee shall be released as set forth in Section 10.05 of the Indenture. 6.           No Recourse Against Others.  Pursuant to Section 12.07 of the Indenture, no director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder of a Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall have any liability for any obligations of such Guaranteeing Subsidiary under the Notes, the Indenture, this Supplemental Indenture, the Note Guarantees or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation.  This waiver and release are part of the consideration for the Note Guarantee. 7.           NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN.  THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE. 8.           Counterparts.  The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture.  Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. 9.           Effect of Headings.  The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 10.           Trustee.  The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries and the Company. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed and attested, all as of the date first above written. AMERICAN SPORTING GROUP CORPORATION THE BASKETBALL MARKETING COMPANY, INC. BROWN SHOE COMPANY, INC. As to each of the foregoing: By:   /s/ Mark E. Hood                                                                            Name: Mark E. Hood Title:  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS TRUSTEE By:   /s/ Jack Ellerin                                                                            Name: Jack Ellerin Title: Vice President EX-21 3 bws10k2010ex21.htm EXHIBIT 21  bws10k2010ex21.htm    SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT BROWN SHOE COMPANY, INC. January 29, 2010 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (Continued) Brown Group Retail, Inc. does business under the following names: Brown Shoe Closet Factory Brand Shoes Famous Footwear Mind Body Sole by Famous Footwear Naturalizer Outlet Supermarket of Shoes Via Spiga Brown Shoe Company of Canada Ltd does business under the following names: F. X. LaSalle Naturalizer Outlet EX-23 4 bws10k2010ex23.htm EXHIBIT 23  bws10k2010ex23.htm    Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following registration statements of Brown Shoe Company, Inc. of our reports dated April 1, 2011, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Brown Shoe Company, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Brown Shoe Company, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended January 29, 2011. St. Louis, Missouri April 1, 2011 EX-31.1 5 bws10k2010ex31_1.htm EXHIBIT 31.1  bws10k2010ex31_1.htm    I, Ronald A. Fromm, certify that: EX-31.2 6 bws10k2010ex31_2.htm EXHIBIT 31.2  bws10k2010ex31_2.htm    I, Mark E. Hood, certify that: EX-32.1 7 bws10k2010ex32_1.htm EXHIBIT 32.1  bws10k2010ex32_1.htm    Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Brown Shoe Company, Inc. (the “Registrant”) on Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2011, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”), we, Ronald A. Fromm, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, and Mark E. Hood, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, certify, to the best of our knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
