10-K 1  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K [x] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [FEE REQUIRED] For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1997 OR [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [NO FEE REQUIRED] For the transition period from to Commission file number 1-7411 ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) New York 13-2530665 (State of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 122 Fifth Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10011 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code 212-387-3000 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Name of each exchange on Title of each class which registered None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None (Title of Class) Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [x] Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No ____ The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the registrant as of March 17, 1998 was $5,282,330. The number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common shares, as of March 17, 1998, was 7,078,625. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE - 2 Exhibit Index on Page 26. Total number of pages 55.  TABLE OF CONTENTS Part I Page Item 1- Business.................................................. 1 Item 2- Properties................................................ 9 Item 3- Legal Proceedings......................................... 9 Item 4- Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders....... 9 Part II Item 5- Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters..................................... 10 Item 6- Selected Financial Data................................... 10 Item 7- Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations..................... 12 Item 8- Financial Statements and Supplementary Data............... 16 Item 9- Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure..................... 16 Part III Item 10- Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant........ 17 Item 11- Executive Compensation.................................... 19 Item 12- Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.............................................. 22 Item 13- Certain Relationships and Related Transactions............ 23 Part IV Item 14- Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K................................................ 24 Signatures ......................................................... 25 -i-  PART I Item 1. Business General Allcity Insurance Company (the "Registrant", "Allcity" or the "Company") is a property and casualty insurer. Empire Insurance Company ("Empire"), a property and casualty insurer, owns approximately 84.6% of the outstanding common shares of the Company and 100% of the outstanding common shares of Centurion Insurance Company ("Centurion"). Empire's common shares are 100% owned and controlled, through subsidiaries, by Leucadia National Corporation ("Leucadia"). Additionally, Leucadia indirectly owns an additional 5.2% of the outstanding common shares of the Company. The Company, Empire and Centurion are sometimes hereinafter collectively referred to as the Group. The Company operates in the State of New York, primarily in the New York City metropolitan area, conducting property and casualty insurance underwriting activities. The Company's voluntary business is produced through general agents, local agents, and insurance brokers, who are compensated for their services by payment of commissions on the premiums they generate. There are five general agents, one of which is owned by Empire, and approximately 400 local agents and insurance brokers presently acting under agreements with the Group. These agents and brokers also represent other competing insurance companies. Empire's wholly owned general agent is its largest producer and generated approximately 11% of the Group's total premium volume for the year ended December 31, 1997. Substantially all of the Group's policies are written for a one-year period. The Group is licensed in New York to write most lines of insurance that may be written by a property and casualty insurer. The Group specializes in personal and commercial property and casualty insurance business. The Group provides personal automobile and homeowners insurance and commercial insurance coverage for vehicles (including medallion and radio- controlled livery vehicles), workers' compensation, multi-family residential real estate, and various other business classes. The Group is also licensed to write insurance in Connecticut, Massachusetts, Missouri, New Hampshire and New Jersey. Approximately 4% of the Group's written premiums are produced from sources outside New York State. According to A.M. Best & Co. ("Best"), an insurance industry research organization, the Group ranked 109th in total net premium writings among property and casualty insurance companies and groups in 1996. In January 1998, the Group was rated (A-) (Good) by Standard & Poor's Insurance Rating Services, based on the Group's claims-paying ability. In 1997, the Group was rated (B++) (Very Good) by Best and was assigned an (A) (Exceptional) financial stability rating by Demotech, Inc., an insurance rating agency service. Approximately 59% of the Company's net premiums written in 1997 were for automobile insurance coverage, while 41% of such premiums were for commercial (other than automobile) and miscellaneous and personal coverage. The Group's general agents produced approximately 28% of the Company's premium revenues for the year ended December 31, 1997. The Group has acquired blocks of assigned risk business from other insurance companies (the "service business") relating to private passenger and commercial automobile insurance. These contractual arrangements, which are negotiated for one or two year periods, provide for fees paid to the Group within parameters established by the New York State Insurance Department. In addition, the Group receives a fee for providing administrative services, including claims processing, underwriting and collection activities, for the New York Public Automobile Pool ("NYPAP") and the Massachusetts Taxi and Limousine Pool. These latter arrangements do not involve the assumption of any material underwriting risk by the Group. On a quarterly basis, the Group reviews and adjusts its estimated loss reserves for any changes in trends and actual loss experience. Included in the Company's results for 1997 was approximately $8.3 million for reserve strengthening related to losses from prior accident years. The Group will continue to evaluate the adequacy of its loss reserves and record future adjustments to its loss reserves as appropriate. The Group has taken certain steps to improve its operations, including systems enhancements and actions relating to pricing and improved underwriting and claims handling, and may initiate additional changes in the future. The Group believes that the results of efforts taken to date -1-  may not be known for some time, given the nature of the property and casualty business and the inherently long period of time involved in settling claims. Pooling Agreement All insurance business written by the Company is subject to a pooling agreement with Empire under which the Company and Empire effectively operate as one company. The Company operates under the same general management as Empire and has full use of Empire's personnel, information technology systems and facilities. As of December 31, 1997, Empire and its subsidiaries had 748 full and part-time employees. Currently, and for all periods presented, all premiums, losses, loss adjustment expenses and other underwriting expenses are shared in the proportion 70% to Empire and 30% to the Company. The pooling agreement and subsequent amendments were approved by the New York State Insurance Department. Financial Information Relating to Business Segments The Company operates in the following business segments: (1) Automobile lines - includes private passenger and commercial automobile bodily injury, property damage, comprehensive and collision insurance coverages. (2) Commercial lines - includes commercial multiple peril, workers' compensation, other liability, glass, burglary, and inland marine insurance coverages. (3) Miscellaneous and personal lines - includes fire and allied lines and homeowners insurance coverages. For further information concerning Business Segments, see Notes 8 and 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included elsewhere herein. -2-  Combined Ratios Set forth below is certain statistical information for the Company prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") and SAP, for the three years ended December 31, 1997. The Loss Ratio is the ratio of incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses to net premiums earned. The Expense Ratio is the ratio of underwriting expenses (policy acquisition costs, commissions, and a portion of administrative, general and other expenses attributable to underwriting operations, net of service fee income) to net premiums written, if determined in accordance with SAP, or to net premiums earned, if determined in accordance with GAAP. A Combined Ratio below 100% indicates an underwriting profit and a Combined Ratio above 100% indicates an underwriting loss. The Combined Ratio does not include the effect of investment income. Marketing and Distribution The Group's marketing and distribution strategy emphasizes profitability rather than volume and focuses on the production of its voluntary business through five general agents, one of which is an Empire subsidiary, and approximately 400 local agents and insurance brokers who are compensated for their services by payment of commissions on the premiums they produce. These agents and brokers also represent competing insurance companies. Subject to regulatory approval, the Group utilizes premium rates developed and independently filed for all coverages with the exception of workers' compensation, for which rates are filed by the New York Compensation Insurance Rating Board, and assigned risk automobile business, for which rates are filed by the New York Automobile Insurance Plan. -3-  Reinsurance The Company's retention on property and casualty lines of insurance was $0.3 million in 1997 and 1996 and $0.2 million in 1995. For workers' compensation business the retention was $0.5 million for all three years. Additionally, the Company carries reinsurance to protect itself against certain catastrophic losses. Its retention of lower level losses under such treaties is $7.5 million for 1998 and was $5.0 million for 1997 and $3.0 million for 1996 and 1995. Effective January 1, 1997, Empire entered into a quota share reinsurance agreement with its subsidiary, Centurion. Under this agreement, Empire will assume 50% up to July 1, 1997 and 75% thereafter of the effective period premiums and losses of Centurion and grant Centurion a ceding commission. Under the pooling agreement, 70% of such business assumed will be retained by Empire and 30% will be shared with the Company. Although reinsurance does not legally discharge an insurer from its primary liability for the full amount of the policy liability, it does make the assuming reinsurer liable to the insurer to the extent of the reinsurance ceded. The majority of the Company's reinsurance has been placed with certain of the largest reinsurance companies, including (with their Best ratings) General Reinsurance Corporation (A++) (superior), American Re-Insurance Company (A+) (superior), Partner Re Co., Ltd. (A+)(superior), IPC Re Ltd. (A) (excellent), CAT Ltd. (A)(excellent) and Zurich Reinsurance (North America), Inc. (A) (excellent). The Company believes its reinsurers to be financially capable of meeting their respective obligations. However, to the extent that any reinsuring company is unable to meet its obligations, the Company would be liable for the reinsured risks. The Company has established reserves, which the Company believes are adequate, for any non-recoverable reinsurance. Investments Investment activities represent a significant part of the Company's total income. Investments are managed by the Investment Committee of the Board of Directors, which consults with outside investment advisors with respect to a substantial portion of the Company's investment portfolio. The Company has a diversified investment portfolio substantially consisting of securities rated "investment grade" by established bond rating agencies or issued or guaranteed by the U.S. Government or its agencies. At December 31, 1997 and 1996, the average yield of the Company's bond portfolio was approximately 5.9% and 6.1%, respectively, and the average maturity of the Company's bond portfolio was approximately 3.3 years for each year. Tax Sharing Agreement The Company has been included in the consolidated federal income tax returns of Leucadia since 1993. Under the terms of the tax sharing agreement between Leucadia and the Company, the Company computes its tax provision on a separate return basis and is either charged its share of federal income tax resulting from its taxable income or is reimbursed for tax benefits resulting from its losses. Government Regulation The Group, like all insurance companies, is subject to regulation involving the establishment of premium rates, standards of solvency and minimum requirements of capital and surplus which must be maintained in the states in which they transact business. There can be no assurance that such regulatory requirements will not become more stringent in the future and have an adverse effect on the Group's operations. Insurance companies are required to file detailed annual reports with the insurance regulatory agencies in each of the states in which they do business and are subject to periodic examination by such agencies. The New York State Insurance Department is currently finalizing their examination of the Company's statutory financial statements for the years 1994, 1995 and 1996. -4-  In the opinion of management, the results of this exam are not expected to have a material impact on the financial position or results of operations of the Company. The National Association of Insurance Commissioners ("NAIC") has adopted model laws incorporating the concept of a "risk based capital" ("RBC") standard for insurance companies. Generally, the RBC formula is designed to assess the adequacy of an insurer's statutory capital in relation to the risks inherent in its business. The RBC formula is used by the states as a tool to identify weakly capitalized companies for the purpose of initiating regulatory action when capital under the standard is judged to be inadequate. As of December 31, 1997, the Company's RBC ratio substantially exceeded minimum requirements. The NAIC also has adopted various ratios for insurance companies which, in addition to the RBC ratio, are designed to serve as a tool to assist state regulators in discovering potential weakly capitalized companies or companies with unusual trends. The Company had one "other than normal" NAIC ratio for the year ended December 31, 1997. The Company believes that there are no material underlying problems or weaknesses in its insurance operations and that it is unlikely that material adverse regulatory action will be taken. The Group is a member of state insurance funds, which provide certain protection to policyholders of insolvent insurers doing business in those states. Due to insolvencies of certain insurers in recent years, the Group has been assessed certain amounts which have not been material and are likely to be assessed additional amounts by state insurance funds. The Company believes that it has provided for all anticipated assessments and that any additional assessments will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition or results of operations. Competition The insurance industry is a highly competitive industry, in which many of the Company's competitors have substantially greater financial resources, larger sales forces, more widespread agency and broker relationships, and more diversified lines of insurance coverage. Additionally, certain competitors market their products with endorsements from affinity groups, while the Company's products are unendorsed, which may give such other companies a competitive advantage. Federal, administrative, legislative and judicial activity may result in changes to federal banking laws that will enable national banks to act as agents in order to offer certain insurance products in direct competition with the Company. The Company is unable to determine what effect, if any, such changes may have on the Company's operations. The Company believes that property and casualty insurers generally compete on the basis of price, customer service, consumer recognition and financial stability. The industry has historically been cyclical in nature, with periods of less intense price competition generating significant profits, followed by periods of increased price competition resulting in reduced profitability or loss. The current cycle of intense price competition has continued for a longer period than in the past, suggesting that the significant infusion of capital into the industry in recent years, coupled with larger investment returns, has been, and may continue to be, a depressing influence on policy rates. In addition, the Company is experiencing increased competition from low cost insurance providers that write personal lines business on a direct response basis through direct mail and telemarketing. The profitability of the property and casualty insurance industry is affected by many factors, including rate competition, severity and frequency of claims (including catastrophe losses), interest rates, state regulation, court decisions and judicial climate, all of which are outside of the Company's control. Loss and Loss Adjustment Expenses Liabilities for unpaid losses, which are not discounted (except for certain workers' compensation liabilities), and loss adjustment expenses ("LAE") are determined using case- basis evaluations, statistical analyses and estimates for salvage and subrogation recoverable and represent estimates of the ultimate claim costs of all unpaid losses and LAE. Liabilities include a provision for losses that have occurred but have not yet been reported. These estimates are subject to the effect of trends in future claim severity and -5-  frequency experience. Adjustments to such estimates are made from time to time due to changes in such trends as well as changes in actual loss experience. These adjustments are reflected in current earnings. The Company relies upon standard actuarial ultimate loss projection techniques to obtain estimates of liabilities for losses and LAE. These projections include the extrapolation of both losses paid and incurred by business line and accident year and implicitly consider the impact of inflation and claims settlement patterns upon ultimate claim costs based upon historical patterns. In addition, methods based upon average loss costs, reported claim counts and pure premiums are reviewed in order to obtain a range of estimates for setting the reserve levels. For further input, changes in operations in pertinent areas including underwriting standards, product mix, claims management and legal climate are periodically reviewed. In the following table, the liability for losses and LAE of the Company, are reconciled for each of the three years ended December 31, 1997. Included therein are current year data and prior year development. The Company's liability for losses and LAE as of December 31, 1997 was $145.3 million determined in accordance with SAP and $417.5 million determined in accordance with GAAP. The difference relates to liabilities assumed by reinsurers, which are not deducted from GAAP liabilities. -6-  The table on the following page presents the development of balance sheet liabilities for 1987 through 1997. The liability line at the top of the table indicates the estimated liability, net o  f reinsurance, for unpaid losses and LAE recorded at the balance sheet date for each of the indicated years. This liability represents the estimated amount of losses and LAE for claims that were unpaid at each annual balance sheet date, including provision for losses estimated to have been incurred but not reported to the Company. The middle portion of the table shows the re- estimated amount of the previously reported liability based on experience as of the end of each succeeding year. As more information becomes available and claims are settled, the estimated liabilities are adjusted upward or downward with the effect of decreasing or increasing net income at the time of adjustment. The "cumulative redundancy (deficiency)" represents the aggregate change in the estimates over all prior years. For example, the initial 1987 liability estimate has developed a $5.1 million redundancy over ten years. The effect on pretax income during the past three years of changes in estimates of the liabilities for losses and LAE is shown in the reconciliation table above. The lower section of the table shows the cumulative amount paid with respect to the previously recorded liability as of the end of each succeeding year. For example, as of December 31, 1997, the Company had paid $54.6 million of the currently estimated $56.9 million of losses and LAE that had been incurred, but not paid, through the end of 1997; thus an estimated $2.3 million of losses incurred through 1987 remain unpaid as of the current balance sheet date. In evaluating this information it should be noted that each amount shown for "cumulative redundancy (deficiency)" results includes the effects of all changes in amounts for prior periods. For example, the amount of the deficiency related to losses settled in 1990, but incurred in 1987, will be included in the cumulative redundancy amount for years, 1987, 1988 and 1989. This table does not present accident or policy year development data. Conditions and trends that have affected development of the liability in the past may not necessarily occur in the future. Accordingly, it would not be appropriate to extrapolate future redundancies or deficiencies based on this table. For further discussion of the Company's loss development experience, see Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this Report. -7-  -8-  Item 2. Properties The Group's executive and administrative offices are located on six floors of a ten-story office building at 122 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10011 and some additional space in the surrounding area under leases, each of which expire on September 30, 1998. The Group has entered into a twenty-year lease agreement in an office building in Brooklyn, New York, in which Leucadia has an equity interest, and will relocate its executive and administrative offices in September 1998. The Group received certain incentives from both the City and State of New York in connection with this lease, which will be recognized over the term of the lease. The Group also conducts limited operations from branch offices located in Manhattan, and Rochester, New York, Boston, Massachusetts and Bedford, New Hampshire. The rental charged to the Company for these facilities is prorated in accordance with the pooling agreement described in "Pooling Agreement" under Item 1, herein. Item 3. Legal Proceedings The Company is party to legal proceedings that are considered to be either ordinary, routine litigation or incidental to its business. Based on discussion with counsel, the Company does not believe that such litigation will have a material effect on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders The information to be included under the captioned "Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders" is included in the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 1997. -9-  PART II Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters (a) Market Information The Company's common stock trades on The Nasdaq National Stock Market under the symbol "ALCI". The following table sets forth, for the calendar quarters indicated, the high and low closing trade price per common share as reported by the Wall Street Journal and National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. (b) Holders The number of shareholders of record of common shares at December 31, 1997 was 551. (c) Dividends The Company has paid no dividends on its common shares since 1975. The New York Insurance Law prohibits New York domiciled property and casualty companies from paying dividends except out of earned surplus. Without the approval of the New York State Insurance Department, dividends are limited to the lowest of 1) 10% of surplus as computed on a SAP basis, or 2) adjusted net investment income during the 12 month period prior to declaration. At December 31, 1997, $7,009,000 was available for distribution of dividends. The Company does not presently anticipate paying dividends in the near future. Item 6. Selected Financial Data -10-  Item 6. Selected Financial Data, continued a) Net income includes net securities (losses) gains, net of applicable tax, as follows: b) The cumulative effects of changes in accounting principle related to changes in accounting for income taxes, post-retirement benefits and retrospectively rated reinsurance contracts. -11-  Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The purpose of this section is to discuss and analyze the Company's financial condition, liquidity and capital resources and results of operations. This analysis should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes which appear elsewhere in this Report. Liquidity and Capital Resources In 1997, the Company posted a small loss and net cash was used for operations as a result of a decrease in premiums written and a program to reduce pending claims and settle claims more quickly than in the past. During the two year period ended December 31, 1996, the Company operated profitably and net cash was provided from operations. At December 31, 1997 and 1996 the yield of the Company's fixed maturities portfolio was 5.9% and 6.1%, respectively, with an average maturity of 3.3 years for each year. Additionally, at December 31, 1997, approximately 92% of the fixed maturities portfolio was invested in issues of the U.S. Government and its agencies with the remainder invested in investment grade corporate and industrial issues. The Company presently anticipates reinvesting the majority of proceeds from maturities and investment income in substantially similar investments. The Company believes its immediate cash needs will not require the sale of long term fixed maturities, although it may sell certain of these securities from time to time. The Company maintains cash, short-term and readily marketable securities and anticipates that the cash flow from investment income and maturities of long term fixed maturities will be sufficient to satisfy its anticipated cash needs. The Company does not presently anticipate paying dividends in the near future and believes it has sufficient capital to meet its currently anticipated level of operations. Results of Operations Net earned premium revenues of the Company decreased by approximately $15.2 million, or 15.8%, in 1997 and increased by approximately $1.8 million and $5.2 million in 1996 and 1995 respectively (1.9% and 5.8% in 1996 and 1995, respectively). In 1997, the decline in earned premium revenues was primarily due to the depopulation of the assigned risk pools ($9.5 million) and a reduction in certain commercial lines, principally voluntary commercial automobile ($3.1 million) and workers' compensation ($2.6 million) due to competition, reunderwriting and repricing. In addition, earned premium revenues were reduced in 1997 by $1.7 million to record premiums due under retrospectively rated reinsurance contracts written for 1995 and prior accident years. The Company re-estimated the premium due based upon its current estimate of loss ratios for 1995 and prior accident years. Partially offsetting these reductions was an increase in certain voluntary personal lines, principally private passenger automobile and homeowners. In 1996, although higher premium rates were charged on certain lines of business than in 1995 including amounts related to increased minimum automobile liability coverage required by New York State, such rate increases were largely offset by a decrease in the number of policies in force. This decrease primarily resulted from the depopulation of the assigned risk pools and reduced volume in other lines of business that were not profitable, primarily certain specialty programs within voluntary commercial automobile lines. In addition, in 1996 the Company experienced increased competition, primarily in workers' compensation and commercial package policies, which reduced volume. -12- During the three years ended December 31, 1997, the Company received servicing fees for providing administrative and claims services for the NYPAP. During 1997, the premium volume that the Group managed under this program significantly declined primarily due to the ongoing depopulation of the NYPAP, which is expected to continue, and increased competition. During 1997, the Group's agreement with NYPAP contributed approximately $900,000 to the Company in pre-tax income, net of servicing expenses. Effective February 28, 1998, the Group ceased serving as a servicing carrier for the NYPAP, thereby enabling the Group to concentrate its resources on its core non-service businesses and redeploy certain resources previously dedicated to the NYPAP. Accordingly, the Group will not provide such services in 1998, except for the run-off of the remaining NYPAP claims, which will occur over approximately a two-year period. The Group believes it has provided sufficient reserves for future claims servicing costs related to such run-off business. The Company's combined ratios as determined under GAAP and SAP were as follows: The combined ratios of the Company increased in 1997, primarily reflecting an increase in the 1997 accident year loss ratios, principally for the private passenger automobile and commercial assigned risk lines of business, based upon increased claim frequency and continued unfavorable development of prior accident year losses. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in expenses primarily due to a reduction in the reserve for prior years' servicing carrier expenses and reduced expenses reflecting reduced premium volume in 1997. Included in the Company's results for 1997, 1996 and 1995 were approximately $8.3 million in 1997, $8.1 million in 1996 and $10.3 million in 1995 for reserve strengthening related to losses from prior accident years. In 1997 and 1996, the reserve strengthening primarily related to voluntary commercial automobile and commercial package lines of business, while in 1995, the reserve strengthening primarily related to automobile and workers' compensation lines of business. The 1997 reserve strengthening included approximately $3.3 million for commercial package lines of business and approximately $2.1 million for voluntary commercial automobile lines of business. During 1997, the Company reviewed the adequacy of the reserves carried for its open claims' files, as part of its normal ongoing practice, focusing on the commercial package, general liability and commercial automobile lines of business. As a result of this review and the continued unfavorable development of prior accident years losses, particularly the 1992 through 1994 accident years, the Company has revised its assumptions regarding future increases in average claims severity and reserves were strengthened. The 1996 reserve strengthening included approximately $6.0 million for voluntary commercial automobile lines of business and approximately $2.4 million for commercial package lines of business. Beginning in 1992, the Company entered into new market segments of the voluntary commercial business, including specialty programs for sanitation trucks, gas stations, fuel oil deliveries and limousines. Initially, the Company based its loss ratio estimate upon its experience with similar lines of business, industry statistics and standard actuarial ultimate loss projection techniques, which consider expected loss ratios. During 1996, claims began to develop unfavorably and the Company used such claim development to revise the assumptions that formed the basis of actuarial studies and reserves were increased. With respect to commercial package lines, general liability claims for business written in 1992 through 1994 also developed unfavorably. These claims showed an increased frequency of losses as well as an increase in the time between the date the loss occurred and when the loss was reported compared to prior experience. General liability claims are susceptible to the emergence of losses over an extended period of time. -13-  The 1995 reserve strengthening included approximately $6.9 million for private passenger automobile lines of business and $3.0 million for workers' compensation lines of business. In early 1994, the private passenger automobile business increased significantly as a result of the acquisition of a large block of assigned risk business. The acquisition of this block of business nearly doubled the volume previously written by the Company. Early in 1995, losses began to develop in this line of business that indicated a higher ultimate loss ratio than the Company had experienced on similar blocks of assigned risk business from earlier periods, which experience formed the basis of the Company's original loss estimate. The Company believes the increased losses in this line resulted primarily from its inability to effectively process a much larger volume of claims from its significantly increased customer base. Consequently, claims investigation and file documentation were not conducted timely which led to higher claim costs. With respect to workers' compensation lines, the Company's policies provide insurance coverage to the employer if employees are able to successfully assert liability for employer negligence in providing a safe working environment. During 1995, a relatively small number of such claims with large dollar values emerged that had not been previously anticipated. The emergence of these claims, and the fact that the workers' compensation line of business is susceptible to the emergence of losses over an extended period, resulted in a revision of the Company's estimate of ultimate losses and reserves were increased. For the lines of business discussed above, as well as all other property and casualty lines of business, the Company employs a variety of standard actuarial loss projection techniques, statistical analyses and case base evaluations to estimate its liability for unpaid losses. The actuarial projections include an extrapolation of both losses paid and incurred by business line and accident year and implicitly consider the impact of inflation and claims settlement patterns upon ultimate claim costs based upon historical patterns. These estimates are performed quarterly and consider any changes in trends and actual loss experience. Any resulting change in the estimate of the liability for unpaid losses, including those discussed above, is reflected in current year earnings during the quarter the change in estimate is identified. The reserving process relies on the basic assumption that past experience is an appropriate basis for predicting future events. The probable effects of current developments, trends and other relevant matters are also considered. Since the establishment of loss reserves is affected by many factors, some of which are outside the Company's control or affected by future conditions, reserving for property and casualty claims is a complex and uncertain process, requiring the use of informed estimates and judgements. As additional experience and other data become available and are reviewed, the Company's estimates and judgements may be revised. While the effect of any such changes in estimates could be material to future results of operations, the Company does not expect such changes to have a material effect on its liquidity or financial condition. In management's judgement, information currently available has been appropriately considered in estimating the Company's loss reserves. The Company will continue to evaluate the adequacy of its loss reserves on a quarterly basis, incorporating any future changes in trends and actual loss experience, and record adjustments to its loss reserves as appropriate. Investment income has decreased by approximately $0.7 million, or 4.1% in 1997, as compared to an increase of $1.0 million or 6.5% in 1996 and $2.2 million or 16.5% in 1995, primarily as a result of a decrease in premiums written and a program to reduce pending claims and settle claims more quickly during 1997, and higher invested assets resulting from positive cash flows in 1996 and 1995. During 1997, the Company also recorded $0.2 million in realized capital losses in the normal course of managing its investment strategy. In 1996, the Company realized gains of $1.1 million on the sale of fixed maturities, primarily U.S. Treasury Notes. During 1995, the Company realized losses of $0.2 million on the sale of certain investments in order to shorten the average duration of its investment portfolio. -14-  The combination of other underwriting expenses incurred and the amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs reflected a decrease of approximately $7.8 million, or 27.8% in 1997, and increases of $1.7 million, or 6.6% in 1996. The decrease in 1997 was primarily the result of lower operating costs, primarily relating to pension and severance benefits for certain employees, and a decrease in the provision for servicing carriers expenses in connection with the NYPAP, offset by higher systems costs. The increase in 1996 was the result of higher operating costs primarily relating to pension and severance benefits for certain employees coupled with higher systems costs. Impact of Inflation The Company, as well as the property and casualty insurance industry in general, is affected by inflation. With respect to losses, the Company's claim severity is affected by the impact of inflation on the cost of automobile repair parts, medical costs and lost wages. The costs of adjusting claims and other underwriting expenses have also been adversely affected by inflationary pressures on salaries and employee benefits. The Company receives rate increases based in part upon its experience as well as the industry's experience. Accordingly, premium increases generally follow the rate of inflation. Year 2000  and Information Technology Systems The Company has evaluated its information technology systems to determine the potential impact of the year 2000. The year 2000 issue is the result of computer programs being written using two digits (rather than four) to define the applicable year. Any programs that have time-sensitive software may recognize a date using "00" as the year 1900 rather than the year 2000, which could result in miscalculations or system failures. In 1996, the Group began to evaluate its information technology systems and their ability to support future business needs. This led to a decision to acquire new policy management and accounting systems. These systems provide enhanced functionality and improved processing for underwriting, claims, billing, collection, reinsurance, reporting and accounting and are designed to be year 2000 compliant. The Group anticipates that these new systems will be fully implemented in 1999. The Company does not expect that the year 2000 issue will have a material effect on its consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations. However, the year 2000 issue may affect other entities with which the Company transacts business, and the Company cannot predict the effect of the year 2000 issue on such entities. Cautionary Statement for Forward-Looking Information Statements included in this Report may contain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe-harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements may relate, but are not limited, to projections of revenues, income or loss, capital expenditures, fluctutations in insurance reserves, plans for growth and future operations, competition and regulation as well as assumptions relating to the foregoing. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted or quantified. When used in this Report, the words "estimates", "expects", "anticipates", "believes", "plans", "intends" and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward- looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Future events and actual results could differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated by or underlying the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by any such statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed or identified from time to time in the Company's public filings, including general economic and market conditions, changes in domestic laws, regulations and taxes, changes in competition and pricing environments, regional or general changes in asset valuation, the occurence of significant natural disasters, the inability to reinsure certain risks economically, the adequacy of loss reserves, prevailing interest rate levels and changes in the composition of the Company's assets and liabilities through acquisitions or divestitures. Undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements, which are applicable only as of the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date of this Report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. -15-  Securities Exchange Commission Financial Reporting Release No. 48 Financial Reporting Release No. 48 ("Accounting Policies for Derivative Financial Instruments and Derivative Commodity Instruments") issued on February 4, 1997 by the Securities Exchange Commission requires certain domestic and foreign issuers to disclose the accounting policies for derivative instruments and derivative commodity instruments and disclosure of quantitative and qualitative information about market risk inherent in these instruments. The Company's market capitalization is under the reporting threshold for 1997 and accordingly no disclosure is included herein. The Company will be required to disclose such information beginning with 1998 financial activity. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data See page F1. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure NONE -16-  PART III Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant Pursuant to the Company's Charter and By-Laws, the Board of Directors of the Company consists of 14 members divided into three classes: Class I, Class II and Class III. Classes I and III consist of five directors each and Class II consists of four directors. Currently, Class III consists of four directors due to the resignation of Oliver Patrell on January 1, 1998. One class of directors is elected in each year for a three-year term. All of the directors of the Company are also directors of Empire and Centurion. Name, Age and Position Principal Occupation, Office with Company and Term of Office Richard G. Petitt, 49, Principal Occupation - Chairman Director, Chairman of of the Board, and Chief Executive the Board, President and Officer of the Company and Empire Chief Executive Officer since March 1996 and Executive Officer and President since May 1996. Previously, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Colonial Penn Life Insurance Co. ("CPL") from March 1992 to September 1997. President and Chief Operating Officer of CPL from August 1991 to April 1996. Since September 1983, has served in various executive capacities at Leucadia and its subsidiaries including Vice President of Leucadia and President of Sperry & Hutchinson Co., Inc. ("S&H"). Director since March 1996; current term expires 1999. Martin B. Bernstein, 64, Principal Occupation - President Director and Director of Ponderosa Fibres of America, Inc. (A pulp manufacturer for paper producers). Director since February 1988; current term expires 1998. Ian M. Cumming, 57, Principal Occupation - Presently Director and since June 1978, Chairman of the Board and a Director of Leucadia. Director of Skywest, Inc. (a Utah-based regional air carrier) since June 1986. Director of MK Gold Company (an international gold mining company) since June 1995. Director since February 1988; current term expires 2000. James E. Jordan, 54 Principal Occupation - Financial Director Consultant, The Jordan Company. Previously, President of the William Penn Co. from 1986 until 1997. Director since 1997; current term expires 2000. Thomas E. Mara, 52, Principal Occupation - Presently Director and since May 1980, Executive Vice President of Leucadia and Treasurer of Leucadia since January 1993. Director since October 1994; current term expires 2000. Louis V. Siracusano, 51, Principal Occupation - Attorney with Director McKenna, Fehringer, Siracusano & Chianese (a law firm) for over six years. Director since 1985; current term expires 1998. -17-  Name, Age and Position Principal Occupation, Office with Company and Term of Office Joseph S. Steinberg, 54, Principal Occupation - President of Director Leucadia since January 1979 and Director of Leucadia since December 1978. Director of MK Gold Company since June 1995. Director since June 1988 of Jordan Industries, Inc., a holding company principally engaged in manufacturing. Director since February 1988; current term expires 2000. Daniel G. Stewart, 79, Principal Occupation - Independent Director consulting actuary. Previously, Senior Vice President of Mutual Benefit Life Insurance Company from 1985 to November 1991. Director since 1980; current term expires 2000. Lucius Theus, 75, Principal Occupation - President, Director The U.S. Associates (consultants in civic affairs, human resources and business management) since 1989. Principal and Director of the Wellness Group, Inc. (a provider of health promotion programs) since 1989. Corporate Director, Civic Affairs of Allied Corporation (a diversified industrial company) since 1979. Director since 1980; current term expires 1998. Helen W. Vogel, 80, Principal Occupation - Teacher Director of political science at the White Plains, New York, Senior Center for over six years. Director since 1980; current term expires 1998. Harry H. Wise, 59, Principal Occupation - President and Director Director, H.W. Associates, Inc. (an investment advisory firm). President and Director, Madison Equity Capital Corp. (a sponsor of private investment partnerships). Director since 1988; current term expires 1999. Joel M. Berlin, 54, Principal Occupation - Senior Vice Director, Senior Vice President of marketing of the Company President Marketing and Empire since May 1996. Previously, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of S&H (an incentive marketing firm) from April 1993 to May 1996. President and Chief Operating Officer of S&H from March 1992 to May 1996. Director since 1996; current term expires 2000. -18-  Name, Age and Position Principal Occupation, Office with Company and Term of Office Francis M. Colalucci, 53, Principal Occupation - Senior Vice Director, Senior Vice President, President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer of the Company and Empire since Treasurer January 1996. Previously, Vice President & Corporate Treasurer of Continental Corporation (an insurance holding Company) from 1991 to January 1996. Director since October 1996; Current term expires in 1999. Linda A. Philipps, 53, Principal Occupation - Senior Vice Senior Vice President, President and Chief Information Officer Chief Information Officer of the Company and Empire since June 1996. Previously, Chief Information Officer of Banta Printing Corp (a commercial printing firm), from March 1996 to June 1996 and Director of Business Development of Menasha Paper Corp. (a manufacturer of paper and plastic products) from March 1994 to March 1996. From August 1988 to February 1994 acted in various operational capacities for Leucadia. R. Scott Conant, 47, Principal Occupation - Senior Vice President, Senior Vice President, of Claims for the Company and Empire since Claims September 1997. Previously, Senior Vice President of Home State Holdings, Inc (an insurance holding company) from August 1996 to September 1997. Previously, Manager & Consultant for KPMG Peat Marwick, from February 1995 to August 1996. Item 11. Executive Compensation Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth certain compensation information for Richard G. Petitt, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Andrew W. Attivissimo, who was Chief Executive Officer of the Company in 1995, the only executive officers whose compensation paid, or accrued for, under the pooling arrangement exceeded $100,000 for the years ended December 31, 1997, 1996 and 1995. -19-  The Company does not directly remunerate directors. The directors of the Company and Empire who are not employees of Empire and the Company were paid an annual fee of $5,000. In addition, eligible directors receive $1,500 for each joint board meeting attended. For attendance at a meeting of a committee of the joint board, such directors receive $1,500 per meeting. In addition, each Chairperson of a Committee is entitled to $500 per annum. All fees paid to such directors are shared in accordance with the pooling agreement. In February 1996, Mr. Patrell retired as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Empire; he was a Director of Empire and the Company before resigning on January 1, 1998. Upon his retirement, Leucadia agreed to pay to Mr. Patrell the amount of $1,000,000 of which $333,333 was paid by Empire. Pursuant to the pooling agreement, the Company contributed 30% of the compensation paid by Empire to Mr. Patrell. Mr. Patrell agreed not to compete against Leucadia or its affiliated entities for a two year period. Mr. Attivissimo was employed pursuant to an Employment Agreement which terminated on December 31, 1996. The Employment Agreement was to continue from year to year thereafter unless the period of employment was terminated at the end of a calendar year by either Mr. Attivissimo or Empire on at least six months written notice. In May 1996, Mr. Attivissimo retired from his positions as an officer and director of the Company and Empire. Pursuant to the terms of his Employment Agreement, Mr. Attivissimo continued to be paid his normal salary at the rate of $240,000 per annum through December 31, 1997. In addition, Mr. Attivissimo received $1,901,000 in a lump sum supplemental retirement benefit, $482,375 under Empire's Long Term Incentive Plan and title to an automobile having a book value of approximately $13,000. Pursuant to the pooling agreement, the Company is obligated to pay 30% of the compensation and cost of benefits paid to Mr. Attivissimo. Pension Plan Pensions for officers and employees of the Company are provided under a trusteed non-contributory pension plan. Any employee is eligible for membership in the Plan on January 1st or July 1st of any plan year after which he has completed one full year of service, consisting of a minimum of 1,000 credited hours with Empire, provided they have attained the age of 21 years by or before such date. Members of the Plan receive a basic pension if they work until their normal retirement date which is the last day of the month in which they attain 65 years of age with 5 years of credited service. Any member in the active employ of Empire may elect early retirement between 55 and 65. A member electing early retirement must have at least 10 years of service. A monthly average of total compensation received over the highest 5 consecutive plan or calendar years before retirement is taken to compute benefits as follows: 1.30% of the first $833 per month of average pay, plus 1.75% of average pay over $833 per month. The sum of these two credits is multiplied by the years of credited service. The basic benefit amounts listed in the table below are not subject to any deduction for Social Security benefits or other offset amounts. The maximum benefit payable under the pension plan is $96,400 per year. The amounts set forth in the following table show estimated annual benefits upon retirement to which the Company contributes 30% of such cost through the pooling agreement. -20-  Salary Cap Restoration Plan In 1994, Empire established a Salary Cap Restoration Plan ("SCRP") for certain corporate officers. Under the SCRP, Empire will provide these officers with an additional benefit, to be paid in a lump-sum upon retirement, equal to the difference between the actuarially determined lump-sum benefits, as computed under the Pension Plan, of the officer's highest five year average compensation (not to exceed $320,000, adjusted for the cost-of-living) at retirement and the current maximum compensation limit of $160,000. The SCRP is an unfunded plan. Under the pooling agreement, the Company is obligated to pay 30% of the cost of the SCRP. Employees' Savings Plan Empire sponsors an Employees' Savings Plan (the "Savings Plan"), under which each eligible employee may defer a portion of their annual compensation, subject to limitations. Empire contributes a matching amount, subject to certain limits. In 1995, Empire matched 65% of each participant's deferral contribution up to a maximum matching contribution of $813. A participant may also contribute, from his after-tax dollars, an amount, not to exceed 10% of his annual compensation. Effective July 1996, the Savings Plan was amended to allow Empire matching contributions equal to 50% of an employee's contributions up to a maximum of 2.5% of the employee's salary. Empire's contributions to the Savings Plan were $438,000, $524,000 and $435,000 in 1997, 1996 and 1995, respectively. Under the pooling agreement, the Company is obligated to provide 30% of Empire's contributions under the Savings Plan. Supplemental Retirement Plan Under Empire's Supplemental Retirement Plan, eligible employees who work until their normal retirement date, which, is the last day of the month in which such employees attains 65 years of age, are entitled to receive monthly benefits equal to (a) the difference between (i) one twelfth of a stipulated percentage (the "stipulated percentage") of such participant's final average compensation (the "base amount") and (ii) the aggregate amount of the monthly pension and benefit entitlement such participant would receive under Empire's Pension Plan, Savings Plan and other employee pension benefit plans if such benefits were paid in the form of an annuity for the life of the participant and fifty percent of the participant's monthly Social Security benefit, multiplied, unless otherwise specified in the plan, by (b) a fraction, not exceeding one (the "reduction factor"), the numerator of which is the number of the participant's years of service and the denominator of which is five. Final average compensation is the average annual compensation paid during any five consecutive calendar years during which the participant's compensation was highest. The plan provides that the minimum benefit payable is equal to the base amount multiplied by the reduction factor. Participants remaining in the employ of the Company after the normal retirement date continue to accrue benefits under the plan. Early retirement, between age 55 and 65 under this plan, is permitted provided the participant electing early retirement has at least ten years of service. Amounts payable under the plan are payable out of the assets of the Trust to Fund Benefits under Certain Unfunded Deferred Compensation Plans of the Company, established effective November 1, 1987 (the "Trust Fund"). The Trust Fund is subject to the claims of certain creditors of the Company if the Company becomes insolvent. The Board of Directors had designated one key employee, Andrew W. Attivissimo, to receive benefits under the plan based on a maximum stipulated percentage of 60% -21-  and a minimum stipulated percentage of 30%. In 1996, Mr. Attivissimo received a lump sum payment under the plan of $1,901,000. Long Term Incentive Plan Prior to 1996, Empire sponsored a Long Term Incentive Plan which, based upon the attainment of certain performance goals, awarded officers with units of participation in a compensation pool. The plan was terminated in 1996. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners The table on the following page sets forth information as of March 17, 1998 as to the Common Shares of the Company owned of record and beneficially by each person who owns of record, or is known by the Company to own beneficially, more than 5% of such Common Shares. Name and Amount and Address of Nature of Beneficial Beneficial Percent of Owner Ownership Class Empire Insurance Company 5,987,401 Common 84.6% 122 Fifth Avenue Shares owned of New York, N.Y. 10011 record Baldwin Enterprises, Inc. 368,607 Common 5.2% 529 East South Temple Shares owned of Salt Lake City, Utah 84102 record As discussed in Item 1, "Business", Leucadia (and certain of its wholly- owned subsidiaries) may be deemed a parent of Empire and therefore of the Company as a result of its indirect ownership of 100% of the outstanding common stock of Empire. Security Ownership of Management The following table sets forth information concerning beneficial ownership of the Company's common stock and the equity securities of Leucadia by all directors and by directors and officers of the Company as a group as of December 31, 1997 with respect to the Company's Common Shares and as of March 17, 1998 with respect to Leucadia's and Empire's securities. -22-  Each holder shown exercises sole voting and sole investment power of the shares shown opposite his or her name. Name of Beneficial Amount and Nature of Percent of Owner Beneficial Ownership Class Joel M. Berlin - - Martin B. Bernstein - - Francis M. Colalucci -  - R. Scott Conant - - Ian M. Cumming (1) - - James E. Jordan - - Thomas E. Mara - - Oliver L. Patrell - - Richard G. Petitt -   Linda Philipps -   Louis V. Siracusano - - Joseph S. Steinberg (1) - - Daniel G. Stewart - - Lucius Theus - - Helen W. Vogel -   Harry H. Wise -   Directors and executive Officers as a group (16 persons) (2) -    Less than 1% of Common Stock (1) Although neither Ian M. Cumming nor Joseph S. Steinberg directly owns any shares of Common Stock of the Company, by virtue of their respective interest of approximately 15.5% and 14.3% in Leucadia, each may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of a proportionate number of the shares of Common Stock of the Company beneficially owned by Leucadia through its 100% ownership of Empire. (2) Aside from the beneficial ownership described in note 1 to this table, seven directors and one officer beneficially own common shares of Leucadia, which in the aggregate, represent less than 1% of Leucadia's common stock. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions See Item 1 of this report and Notes 1, 3, 8, 9, 10 and 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information relating to transactions and relationships between the Company and its affiliates. -23-  PART IV Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule, and Reports on Form 8-K (a) Financial Statements and Schedule 1. The following Financial Statements of Allcity Insurance Company are included in item 8: Report of Independent Accountants Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1997 and 1996. Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 1997, 1996 and 1995. Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity Accounts for the years ended December 31, 1997, 1996 and 1995. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,1997, 1996 and 1995. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Schedule VI - Supplemental Insurance Information Concerning Property/Casualty Insurance Operations for the years ended December 31, 1997, 1996 and 1995. 2. The information for Schedules I, IV and V required to be filed pursuant to Regulation S-X, Article 7 is contained in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and, therefore, these schedules have been omitted. The information required by Schedules III and IV of Article 7 is combined in Schedule VI - Supplemental Insurance Information Concerning Property/Casualty Insurance Operations. All other required schedules are not applicable. 3. The exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K have been filed herewith, see attached Exhibit Index. (b) Reports on Form 8-K. During the quarter ended December 31, 1997, there were no reports on Form 8-K filed for the Company. (c) Exhibits Required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. See attached Exhibit Index. (d) Financial Statements Required by Regulation S-X. See Item 14(a). -24-  Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY March 30, 1998 By: FRANCIS M. COLALUCCI Francis M. Colalucci Director, Senior Vice President C.F.O. & Treasurer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated and on the date set forth above. RICHARD G. PETITT FRANCIS M. COLALUCCI _ Richard G. Petitt Francis M. Colalucci Director, Chairman, President & C.E.O. Director, Senior Vice President C.F.O. & Treasurer JOSEPH S. STEINBERG MARTIN B. BERNSTEIN Joseph S. Steinberg Martin B. Bernstein Director Director LOUIS V. SIRACUSANO HARRY H. WISE Louis V. Siracusano Harry H. Wise Director Director DANIEL G. STEWART JOEL M. BERLIN Daniel G. Stewart Joel M. Berlin Director Director, Senior Vice President IAN M. CUMMING JAMES E. JORDAN Ian M. Cumming James E. Jordan Director Director LUCIUS THEUS HELEN H. VOGEL Lucius Theus Helen H. Vogel Director Director THOMAS E. MARA Thomas E. Mara Director -25-  EXHIBIT INDEX The following designated exhibits, as indicated below, are either filed herewith (if indicated by an asterisk) or have heretofore been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are incorporated herein by reference to such filings. Reference is made to Item 8 of this Form 10-K for a listing of certain financial information and statements incorporated by reference herein. Exhibit Number Description of Document 3 Corporate charter, as amended, and by-laws, as amended, of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994). 10(a) Pooling Agreement, as amended through March 31, 1992 between Empire and the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a)-20 of the Company's Form 8 Amendment No. 1 of its annual Report for the year ended December 31, 1981). 10(b) Lease Agreement, dated November 15, 1982, between Empire and 122 Fifth Associates (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10(d) of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K or the year ended December 31, 1982). 10(c) Centurion Agreement, made effective as of August 21, 1987 by and between Empire and the Company, and Centurion. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(e) of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1987). 10(d) Empire Mutual Executive Deferred Compensation Plan dated November 17, 1987. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(f) of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1987). 10(e) Empire Mutual Insurance Company Supplemental Retirement Plan dated November 17, 1987. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(g) of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1987). 10(f) Tax Allocation Agreement dated February 28, 1989 among the Company, PHLCORP, Empire, Centurion, Empire Livery Services, Inc., Executroll Services Corporation and Empall Agency Incorporated (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(m) of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1988). -26-  Exhibit Number Description of Document 10(g) Employment Agreement made as of January 1, 1993 Empire and Andrew W. Attivissimo. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(g) of the 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1992). 10(h) Empire Insurance Company Salary Cap Restoration Plan dated May 26, 1994. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(i) of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the December 31, 1994). 10(i) Quota Share Reinsurance Agreement between Empire Insurance Company and Centurion Insurance Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(i) of the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997). 10(j) Lease agreement dated June 27, 1996 between Empire Insurance Company and Brooklyn Renaissance Plaza L.L.C., as Landlord, BRPII L.L.C as sub-landlord (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) of the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1997). EX-10  Quota Share Agreement (Refer to 10(i) above) EX-27  Financial Data Schedule -27-  ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule Page The following financial information is submitted herein: Report of Independent Accountants F2 Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 1997 and 1996 F3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 1997, 1996 and 1995 F4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 1997, 1996 and 1995 F5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 1997, 1996 and 1995 F6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F7 - F25 Financial Statement Schedule: Schedule VI- Supplemental Insurance Information Concerning Property/Casualty Insurance Operations for the Years ended December 31, 1997, 1996 and 1995 F26 -F1-  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS To the Board of Directors and Shareholders' of Allcity Insurance Company: We have audited the consolidated financial statements and the financial statement schedule of Allcity Insurance Company and Subsidiary listed in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Allcity Insurance Company and Subsidiary as of December 31, 1997 and 1996, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1997, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule referred to above, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information required to be included therein. COOPERS & LYBRAND L.L.P. New York, New York February 9, 1998 -F2-  -F3-  -F4-  -F5-  -F6-  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY NOTE 1-ORGANIZATION Allcity Insurance Company ("Allcity" or the "Company") is a property and casualty insurer and includes the results of its subsidiary, Empall Agency, Inc. ("Empall"). Empire Insurance Company ("Empire"), a property and casualty insurer owns approximately 84.6% of the outstanding common shares of the Company and 100% of the outstanding common shares of Centurion Insurance Company ("Centurion"). Empire's common shares are 100% owned and controlled, through subsidiaries, by Leucadia National Corporation ("Leucadia"). Additionally, Leucadia indirectly owns an additional 5.2% of the outstanding common shares of the Company. The Company, Empire and Centurion are sometimes hereinafter collectively referred to as the Group. The property and casualty insurance business written by Empire and Allcity is subject to a pooling agreement under which premiums, losses, loss adjustment expenses and other underwriting expenses are shared on the basis of 70% to Empire and 30% to Allcity. The pooling percentages have been changed from time to time and may be changed in the future subject to New York State Insurance Department approval. Allcity has no employees of its own. Administrative services are provided by Empire and 30% of the related expenses are allocated to Allcity. The Company's three business segments and principal lines of business are (1) automobile (private passenger and commercial), (2) commercial (commercial multi-peril, workers' compensation and other liability) and (3) miscellaneous and personal(fire, allied and homeowners) insurance coverages. Based on the Company's 1997 net premiums written, approximately 59%, 30% and 11% of such premiums were for the automobile, commercial and miscellaneous and personal lines of business, respectively. The Company markets its products primarily to individuals, retail establishments, restaurants, livery and taxicab owners, and several types of service contractors. A substantial portion of the Company's and Empire's automobile business, both private passenger and commercial, is assigned risk business acquired through contractual arrangements with other insurance companies, some of which are competitors. These contractual arrangements, which are negotiated for one or two year periods, provide for fees paid to the Group within parameters established by the New York State Insurance Department. In addition, the Group receives a fee for providing administrative services, including claims processing, underwriting and collection activities, for the New York Public Automobile Pool ("NYPAP"), the Massachusetts Taxi and Limousine Pool, and the New Hampshire Commercial Automobile Insurance Procedure. These latter arrangements do not involve the assumption of any material underwriting risk by the Group. Effective February 28, 1998, the Group ceased serving as a servicing carrier for the NYPAP, thereby enabling the Group to concentrate its resources on its core non-service businesses and redeploy certain resources previously dedicated to the NYPAP. Under the pooling arrangement, the Company assumes 30% of the fees and costs of these arrangements. The Company and Empire are licensed to transact insurance in the State of New York with Empire being additionally licensed in Connecticut, Massachusetts, Missouri, New Hampshire and New Jersey. Based on 1997 direct premiums written, approximately 96% of the property and casualty business written by the Company and Empire was in the State of New York. -F7-  NOTES TO   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY NOTE 1--ORGANIZATIONCONTINUED The Company and Empire distribute their products through five general agents, one of which is an Empire subsidiary, and independent agents and brokers. The Empire Group's wholly owned general agent is the largest producer and generated approximately 11% of its total premium volume for the year ended December 31, 1997. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Empall. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. NOTE 2- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Investments: Fixed maturities are designated as either (i) "held to maturity" and carried at amortized cost, (ii) "trading" and carried at estimated market value, which is based on quoted market prices, with differences between cost and estimated fair value reflected in results of operations or (iii) "available for sale" and carried at estimated fair value with differences between cost and estimated fair value being reflected as a separate component of Shareholders' Equity, net of deferred income tax effects. Equity securities are designated as available for sale and carried at estimated fair values with differences between cost and estimated fair value reflected as a separate component of Shareholders' Equity, net of deferred taxes. Short-term investments are carried at cost. At December 31, 1997 and 1996, investments in fixed maturities on deposit with the New York State Insurance Department, which the Company has the intent and ability to hold to maturity, are classified as "Investments held to maturity". All other investments in fixed maturities and equity securities at those dates are classified as "Investments available for sale" and stated at estimated fair market value. Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments available for sale (net of deferred tax/(benefit)) is included as a separate component of Shareholders' Equity. Net securities gains or losses on the sale of investments are determined on a specific identification basis and are included in revenues. Investments with an impairment in value considered to be other than temporary are written down to estimated net realizable value. Unearned Premiums: Unearned premiums have been calculated primarily using the monthly pro rata method. Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses: Liabilities for unpaid losses, which are not discounted (except for certain workers' compensation liabilities), and loss adjustment expenses ("LAE") are determined using -F8-  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY NOTE 2--ACCOUNTING POLICIES-CONTINUED case-basis evaluations, statistical analyses and estimates for salvage and subrogation recoverable and represent estimates of the ultimate claim costs of all unpaid losses and LAE. Liabilities include a provision for losses that have occurred but have not yet been reported. These estimates are subject to the effect of trends in future claim severity and frequency experience. Adjustments to such estimates are made from time to time due to changes in such trends as well as changes in actual loss experience. These adjustments are reflected in current earnings. Reinsurance: Unpaid losses, unpaid loss adjustment expenses and unearned premiums are stated gross of reinsurance ceded. Premiums written and earned, losses and LAE incurred, and other underwriting expenses are stated net of reinsurance ceded. Pension Cost: Empire funds actuarially determined pension costs as currently accrued; 30% of such pension costs are allocated to Allcity. Policy Acquisition Costs: Policy acquisition costs such as commissions, premium taxes and certain other underwriting expenses are deferred and amortized ratably over the terms of the related policies. Deferred policy acquisition costs are limited to their net realizable value after consideration of investment income on the related premium. Participating Policies: Participating business on workers' compensation lines constitutes approximately 4.7% of the Company's policies in force and net premiums written. Amounts transferred to the participating policyholders' funds are determined by means of specific identification based upon premium volume and loss experience. The amount of dividends to be paid to participating policyholders is approved quarterly by the Board of Directors. The amount of policyholders' dividends declared on participating policies was $315,000, $946,000, and $523,000 in 1997, 1996 and 1995, respectively. Unpaid dividends to participating policyholders are included as a liability in the consolidated balance sheets. Servicing Arrangements: Service fee income from assigned risk business acquired through contractual arrangements with other insurance companies is recognized as revenue and earned over the life of the covered policies on a monthly pro-rata method. Service fee income for the administrative services, including underwriting, policy issuance, premium collection and claims services, provided to the NYPAP is recorded as a reduction to other underwriting and loss adjustment expenses and is earned over the life of the policies issued. The premiums and losses processed by the Company on behalf of the NYPAP, which are not reflected in the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, are as follows (in thousands): -F9-  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY NOTE 2--ACCOUNTING POLICIES-CONTINUED The premiums, losses and expenses of the business for which the Company provides administrative services are reflected on the financial statements of those insurance companies, including the Company, in New York State which are required to participate in the NYPAP. In its role as a servicing carrier, the Company is liable only for the loss adjustment expenses which are reflected as a reserve for servicing carrier claim expense and are determined using case basis evaluations and statistical analyses. Federal Income Taxes: The Company uses the liability method in providing for income taxes. Under the liability method, deferred income taxes are provided at the enacted tax rates for differences between the financial statements carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities and for carryforwards. A valuation allowance is provided if deferred tax assets are not considered more likely than not to be realized. Earnings Per Share: Earnings per share ("EPS") are based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. There were no outstanding common stock equivalents during 1997, 1996 and 1995 and therefore, basic and diluted EPS are the same. New Pronouncements: In June 1997, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB") issued SFAS No. 130, Reporting Comprehensive Income. This statement establishes standards for the reporting and display of comprehensive income and its components in the consolidated financial statements. The purpose of reporting comprehensive income is to report the change in equity of a business enterprise for the period from transactions and other events and circumstances from nonowner sources. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. These items include unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments, which is currently reported as separate components of equity in the balance sheet. The statement is effective in 1998 and will change the presentation of information in the financial statements and is not expected to have any effect on the financial position or results of operations of the Company. Also in June 1997, the FASB issued SFAS No. 131, Disclosure about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information. This statement requires that companies report certain information about their operating segments in the financial statements including information about the products and services from which revenues are derived, the geographic areas of operations, and information about major customers. Operating segments are determined by the way management decides how to allocate resources and how it assesses performance. Descriptive information about the method used to identify the reportable operating segments must also be disclosed. The statement also requires a reconciliation of revenues, net income, assets and other amounts disclosed for the segments to the corresponding amounts in the consolidated financial statements. The statement is effective in 1998 and is not expected to change the Company's current segmentation of its business. The financial position and operating results of the Company are not expected to be affected by this statement. -F10-  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY NOTE 2--ACCOUNTING POLICIES-CONTINUED Presentation: Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform with the 1997 presentation. NOTE 3--SURPLUS NOTE The Company issued a surplus note to Empire in 1980. The surplus note provides, among other things, for interest to be accrued on the principal of the note based on a bank's prime rate at the end of the calendar quarter. Neither the principal amount of the surplus note nor the accrued interest may be paid, in whole or in part, without the consent of the Superintendent of Insurance of the State of New York ("Superintendent") and must be repaid, in whole or in part, when so ordered by the Superintendent. NOTE 4-INVESTMENTS Investment income by source is summarized as follows: Investments at December 31, 1997 are summarized as follows: -F11- NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-CONTINUED ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY NOTE 4--INVESTMENTS CONTINUED Investments at December 31, 1996 are summarized as follows: The amortized cost and estimated fair values of fixed maturities at December 31, 1997 are shown as follows (in thousands): Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. The Company sold certain fixed maturities during 1997, 1996 and 1995 realized gross gains of $216,000, $1,354,000 and, $343,000, respectively. Realized gross losses of $298,000, $224,000 and $548,000 were realized on these sales in 1997, 1996 and 1995, respectively, before income taxes. In 1997, the Company realized a gross gain of $129,000 before taxes, from the conversion of a portion of stock received from a trade organization membership, Insurance Services Offices, into a stock company. -F12-  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY NOTE 4--INVESTMENTS CONTINUED The changes in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments available for sale in fixed maturities were $3,983,000 and $(4,479,000) for the years ended December 31, 1997 and 1996, respectively, before income taxes. As of December 31, 1997 and 1996, a security with an amortized cost of approximately $485,000 was on deposit with the New York State Insurance Department. During 1997 and 1996, the Company sold call options on certain U.S. Treasury Notes and recognized an investment loss of $239,000 in 1997 and income of $230,000 in 1996. Options on U.S. Treasury Notes with notional values of $0 and $20,000,000 were in force at December 31, 1997 and 1996, respectively. NOTE 5--STATUTORY INFORMATION The following is a reconciliation of net income/(loss) and surplus as reported on a statutory basis to net income and shareholders' equity as determined in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP Basis") (in thousands): -F13-  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY NOTE 5--STATUTORY INFORMATION -CONTINUED The Company has paid no dividends on its common shares since 1975. The New York Insurance Law prohibits New York domiciled property and casualty companies from paying dividends except out of earned surplus. Without the approval of the New York State Insurance Department, dividends are limited to the lowest of 1) 10% of surplus as computed on a SAP basis, or 2) adjusted net investment income during the 12 month period prior to declaration. At December 31, 1997, $7,009,000 was available for distribution of dividends. The Company does not presently anticipate paying dividends in the near future. The New York State Insurance Department is currently finalizing their examination of the Company's statutory financial statements for the years 1994, 1995 and 1996. In the opinion of management, the results of this exam are not expected to have a material impact on the financial position or results of operations of the Company. NOTE 6--AGENTS' BALANCES Activity affecting the allowance for uncollectible agents' balances for the years ended December 31, 1995, 1996 and 1997 is summarized as follows (in thousands): -F14-  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-CONTINUED ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY NOTE 7-UNPAID LOSSES AND LAE The Company has relied upon standard actuarial ultimate loss projection techniques to obtain estimates of liabilities for losses and LAE. These projections include the extrapolation of both losses paid and incurred by business line and accident year and implicitly consider the impact of inflation and claims settlement patterns upon ultimate claim costs based upon historical patterns. In addition, methods based upon average loss costs, reported claim counts and pure premiums are reviewed in order to obtain a range of estimates for setting the reserve levels. For further input, changes in operations in pertinent areas including underwriting standards, product mix, claims management and legal climate are periodically reviewed. In the following table, the liability for losses and LAE are reconciled for each of the three years ended December 31, 1997. Included therein are current year data and prior year development. Based upon actuarial studies conducted during 1997 and 1996 the Company strengthened reserves for losses from prior accident years by approximately $8.3 million in 1997 and by approximately $8.1 million in 1996, primarily related to commercial package and voluntary commercial automobile lines of business. -F15-  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY NOTE 7-UNPAID LOSSES AND LAE - CONTINUED The Company has purchased annuities with various life insurance companies for a number of settled claims. The claimants have been designated as payees, however, the Company has a contingent liability of approximately $3.1 million which represents the aggregate amount of settlements with the claimants, in the event of the failure of the various life insurance companies to perform. NOTE 8--REINSURANCE The Company has obtained reinsurance coverage to reduce its risk of and exposure to large insurance claims and catastrophes. The maximum single risk retained by the Company was $0.5 million on workers' compensation, for all three years, and for other property and casualty lines $0.3 million in 1997 and 1996 and $0.2 million in 1995, respectively. The Company also uses reinsurance to protect itself against certain catastrophic losses. Its retention of lower level losses under such treaties was $5.0 million for 1997 and $3.0 million for 1996 and 1995. Due to the geographic concentration of its business, the Company believes hurricanes, windstorms and civil disturbances are its most significant exposure to catastrophic losses. Computer modeling programs provided by independent consultants are used to estimate exposure to such losses. The Company believes it presently has sufficient catastrophe reinsurance protection. Although reinsurance does not legally discharge an insurer from its primary liability for the full amount of the policy liability, it does make the assuming reinsurer liable to the insurer to the extent of the reinsurance ceded. The majority of the Company's reinsurance has been placed with certain of the largest reinsurance companies, including (with their A. M. Best ratings) General Reinsurance Corporation (A++) (superior), American Re-Insurance Company (A+) (superior), Partner Re Co., Ltd. (A+)(superior), IPC Re Ltd. (A) (excellent), CAT Ltd. (A)(excellent) and Zurich Reinsurance (North America), Inc. (A)(excellent). The Company believes its reinsurers to be financially capable of meeting their respective obligations. However, to the extent that any reinsuring company is unable to meet its obligations, the Company would be liable for the reinsured risks. The Company has established reserves, which the Company believe are adequate, for any non-recoverable reinsurance. Effective January 1, 1997, Empire entered into a quota share reinsurance agreement with its subsidiary, Centurion. Under this agreement, Empire will assume 50% up to July 1 and 75% thereafter of the effective period premiums and losses of Centurion and grant Centurion a ceding commission. Under the pooling agreement, 70% of such business assumed will be retained by Empire and 30% will be shared with the Company. -F16-  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-CONTINUED ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY NOTE 8--REINSURANCE-CONTINUED Assets and insurance reserves at December 31, 1997 and 1996 (including $328.4 million and $334.2 million, respectively, which represent reinsured amounts principally arising from the intercompany pooling agreement with Empire are as follows (in thousands):  Ceded to Empire Others Total  As of December 31, 1997 Prepaid reinsurance premiums $ 54,476 $ 598 $ 55,074 Reinsurance balances receivable on: Paid losses - 1,014 1,014 Unpaid losses 204,023 32,758 236,781 Unpaid loss adjustment expenses 31,671 3,814 35,485 An analysis of reinsurance premiums, losses, LAE and commissions for the years ended December 31, 1997, 1996 and 1995 are summarized as follows (in thousands): -F17-  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-CONTINUED ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY NOTE 8 --REINSURANCE-CONTINUED An analysis of the effect of reinsurance on premiums by business segment for the years ended December 31, 1997, 1996 and 1995 are summarized as follows (in thousands): -F18-  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY NOTE 9--FEDERAL INCOME TAXES The Company has been included in the consolidated federal income tax returns of Leucadia since 1993. Under the terms of the tax sharing agreement, members compute their tax provision on a separate return basis and are either charged their share of federal income tax resulting from their taxable income or are reimbursed for the tax benefits resulting from losses. As of December 31, 1997 and 1996, the Company's liability to affiliates for income taxes was $8,125,000 and $9,780,000, respectively. The principal components of the deferred tax asset at December 31, 1997 and 1996 were as follows (in thousands): The Company believes that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset at December 31, 1997 will be fully realized based on the availability of taxable income. For the years 1997, 1996 and 1995, the difference between the "expected" statutory federal income tax applicable to continuing operations and the actual income tax expense are as follows: NOTE 10--PENSION PLAN, POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS AND STOCK OPTIONS Empire has a trusteed non-contributory pension plan covering substantially all employees. Current benefits are based on years of credited service and the employee's highest compensation during any five consecutive plan or calendar years before retirement. Empire's policy is to fund pension costs on a current basis using an aggregate method. -F19-  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-- CONTINUED ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY NOTE 10--PENSION PLAN, POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS AND STOCK OPTIONS--CONTINUED The following table sets forth certain information relating to Empire's pension plan (in thousands): Net pension cost includes the following components (in thousands): In accordance with the pooling agreement, the Company's share of accrued pension cost and net periodic pension cost is 30% of the amounts reflected above. In determining the actuarial present value of the projected benefit obligation, the Company utilized discount rates of 7.0% for 1997 and 7.5% for 1996 and a rate of increase in future compensation of 4% in 1997 and 5% in 1996, respectively. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets was 7.0% during 1997 and 1996. Empire provides certain health care and life insurance benefits for retired employees. During 1996, Empire amended the eligibility requirement to only those employees who had at least ten years of service -F20-  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-CONTINUED ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY NOTE 10--PENSION PLAN, POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS AND STOCK OPTIONS--CONTINUED and were at least 50 years of age as of October 1, 1996. Prior to this amendment, substantially all of Empire's employees were eligible for such benefits if they reached normal or early retirement age while still working for Empire. As a result of this amendment, the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation was reduced by approximately $7,602,000 which is being amortized over three years. Those benefits are provided through an insurance company whose premiums are based on the cost of benefits paid during the year. The following table sets forth certain information relating to Empire's unfunded substantive plan for postretirement benefits (in thousands): For the years ended December 31, 1997, 1996 and 1995, net postretirement benefits cost included the following components (in thousands): In accordance with the pooling agreement, the Company's share of accrued postretirement benefit cost and net periodic postretirement benefit (income) cost is 30% of the amounts reflected above and is included in other liabilities. In determining the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at December 31, 1997 and 1996, Empire utilized discount rates of 7.0% and 7.5%, respectively. The assumed health care cost trend rates used in measuring the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation were 9% for 1997 declining to an ultimate rate of 6% by 2000. If the health care cost trend rates were increased by 1%, the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation -F21- NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY NOTE 10--PENSION PLAN, POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS AND STOCK OPTIONS--CONTINUED as of December 31, 1997 and 1996 would have increased by approximately $155,000 and $338,000, respectively, before the effects of the pooling agreement. The effect of a 1% change in the estimated aggregate of service and interest cost for 1997, 1996 and 1995 would be immaterial. In 1987, Empire established a Supplemental Retirement Plan ("SERP") for certain senior officers. Under the SERP, Empire makes contributions to a trust account for the benefit of eligible senior officers. Eligible officers will receive benefits determined in accordance with the formulas and other provisions of the SERP agreement based on prior salary. Empire expensed $1,073,000 during 1996 and had income of $697,000 in 1995 due to a reduction in accruals. Pursuant to the pooling agreement the Company is obligated to contribute 30% of the payments made under the SERP. In 1994, Empire established a Salary Cap Restoration Plan ("SCRP") for certain corporate officers. Under the SCRP, Empire will provide these officers with an additional benefit, to be paid in a lump-sum upon retirement, equal to the difference between the actuarially determined lump-sum benefits, as computed under the Pension Plan, of the officer's highest five year average compensation (not to exceed $320,000) at retirement and the current maximum compensation limit of $160,000. The SCRP is an unfunded plan. During 1995, Empire had income of $274,000 due to an accrual reduction and, during 1997 and 1996, expensed $17,000 and $90,000, respectively. Under the pooling arrangement, the Company is obligated to pay 30% of the cost of the SCRP. Empire sponsors an Employees' Savings Plan (the "Savings Plan"), under which each eligible employee may defer a portion of their annual compensation, subject to limitations. Empire contributes a matching amount, subject to certain limits. In 1995, Empire matched 65% of each participant's deferral contribution up to a maximum matching contribution of $650. A participant may also contribute, from after-tax dollars, an amount, not to exceed 10% of annual compensation. Effective July 1996, the Savings Plan was amended to allow Empire matching contributions equal to 50% of an employee's contributions up to a maximum of 2.5% of the employee's salary. Empire's contributions to the Savings Plan were $438,000, $524,000 and $435,000 in 1997, 1996 and 1995, respectively. Under the pooling arrangement, the Company is obligated to provide 30% of Empire's contributions under the Savings Plan. - -F22-  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY NOTE 10--PENSION PLAN, POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS AND STOCK OPTIONS--CONTINUED In 1985, Allcity adopted the Allcity Insurance Company 1985 Incentive Stock Option Plan ("SOP") for officers and key employees. Under this plan, 368,420 shares were reserved for future options that may be granted to acquire common shares at the market price at date of grant. On October 1, 1986 options were granted to acquire a total of 312,250 common shares at an exercise price of $1.50 per common share. The plan expired in 1995. Prior to 1996, Empire sponsored a Long Term Incentive Plan which, based upon the attainment of certain performance goals, awarded officers with units of participation in a compensation pool. The plan was terminated in 1996. NOTE 11--LEASES The Group's executive and administrative offices are located on six floors of a ten-story office building at 122 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10011 and some additional space in the surrounding area, under leases each of which expire on September 30, 1998. The Group has entered into a twenty year lease agreement, in an office building in Brooklyn, New York, in which Leucadia has an equity interest, and will relocate its executive and administrative offices in September 1998. The Group received certain incentives from both the City and State of New York in connection with this lease which will be recognized over the term of the lease. Empire has guaranteed the payment of lease rent by its wholly owned subsidiary Gould Dente Agency ("Gould"). Gould will also relocate its offices to the new office buildings with Empire. In accordance with the guarantee, in 1997 Empire has established a $2.3 million liability for lease abandonment costs. Under the pooling agreement, the Company is obligated to pay 30% of this cost. Future minimum rentals, which exclude escalation amounts, on non-cancelable leases in the aggregate for each of the next five years and thereafter are as follows (in thousands): Rental expense for the Group for the years 1997, 1996 and 1995 was $3.3 million, $3.2 million and $2.8 million, respectively. The Company is obligated to pay 30% of these rental charges in accordance with the pooling agreement. -F23-  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--CONTINUED ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY NOTE 12--BUSINESS SEGMENTS Allcity operates in three business segments--automobile lines, commercial lines and miscellaneous and personal lines. Results by business segment for each of the three years ended December 31, 1997 are summarized as follows (in thousands): Direct investment portfolios are not maintained for each segment and, accordingly, allocation of assets to each segment is not performed. Five general agents, one of which is an Empire subsidiary, produced approximately 28%, 23%, and 21% of Allcity's premiums for the years ended December 31, 1997, 1996 and 1995, respectively. All of Allcity's business is conducted in the State of New York. -F24-  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-- CONTINUED ALLCITY INSURANCE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY NOTE 13--FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS The Company's only material financial instruments are investments for which the fair values are disclosed in Note 4, and the surplus note and short-term investments, for which the carrying amount approximates fair value. NOTE 14 -- LITIGATION The Company is party to legal proceedings that are considered to be either ordinary, routine litigation or incidental to its business. Based on discussion with Counsel, the Company does not believe that such litigation will have a material effect on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. NOTE 15 -- RELATED PARTIES See Notes 1, 3, 8, 9, 10 and 11 regarding Allcity's relationships with the Group and Leucadia. NOTE 16--SUMMARY OF UNAUDITED QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following is a summary of unaudited quarterly results of operations for 1997, 1996 and 1995 (in thousands, except per share amounts): -F25-  s for certain long-term disability payments under workers' compensation insurance are discounted at a maximum 6%. The liabilities discounted are deemed insignificant and do not have a material effect on reported income. (b) Allocations of Net Investment Income and Other Operating Expenses are based on a number of assumptions and estimates and results would change if different methods were applied. Other Operating Expenses are reflected net of service fee income.   Information required by Schedule III - Supplementary Insurance Information has been incorporated within this schedule. -F26-  EX-10 2 QUOTA- SHARE AGREEMENT  EMPIRE INSURANCE COMPANY CENTURION INSURANCE COMPANY 50% QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE AGREEMENT ADDENDUM NO. 1  This Addendum No. 1 is attached to and made a part of the Quota Share Reinsurance Treaty (the "Treaty") entered into by and between CENTURION INSURANCE COMPANY (the "Reassured") and EMPIRE INSURANCE COMPANY (the "Reinsurer") on January 27, 1997. This Addendum No. 1 shall be effective for all Inforce, new and renewal business attaching on or after July 1, 1997. Addendum No. 1 hereby amends Article VI of the Treaty entitled "Quota Share Participation" to reads as follow: ARTICLE VI QUOTA SHARE PARTICIPATION 1. The Reassured shall cede and the Reinsurer shall accept 75% of the Reassured's net liability in written premium in any one contract year on risks under all policies covered hereunder. 2. "Net Liability" shall mean the liability which the Reassured retains net for its own account and unreinsured in any way. Net liability shall include allocated loss adjustment expenses and the Reinsurer shall be liable for its proportionate share of all such expenses, irrespective of the amount of the cession or the limit hereunder applying to any one risk, any one loss occurrences. 3. The Reassured shall be the sole judge of what constitutes one risk. All other terms and conditions of the Treaty remained unchanged. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Addendum No. 1 to be executed by their duly authorized officers as of the 31st day of July, 1997. EMPIRE INSURANCE COMPANY By: FRANCIS M. COLALUCCI Title: Senior Vice President, CFO and Treasurer CENTURION INSURANCE COMPANY By: BRUCE OSTERMAN Title: Vice President  1. CENTURION INSURANCE COMPANY QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE TREATY EFFECTIVE JANUARY 1, 1997 PREAMBLE The Centurion Insurance Company hereinafter referred to as "the Reassured", shall cede and the Empire Insurance Company, hereinafter referred to as "the Reinsurer", shall accept a 50% quota share of the Reassured's net liability in written premium in any one contract year resulting from any loss or losses under the Reassured's policies, subject to the following conditions. ARTICLE I TERM AND CANCELLATION 1. A. This Treaty shall be effective for all business written on or after January 1, 1997 and shall remain continuously in force until terminated by either party giving to the other at least 60 days prior written notice by registered mail, or at any time by mutual consent. B. In the event of termination of this Treaty, at the option of the Reassured: (1) The Reinsurer shall be liable for their share of the liability under all policies or portions thereof in force as of the date of termination, up to the natural expiration or prior termination date of said policies, but not to exceed a further twelve month period. (2) The Reassured shall have the option, by giving 60 days' notice to the Reinsurer, of effecting cancellation of all cessions in force hereunder, such cancellation to be effective on the date of termi- nation of this Treaty. In such event, Reinsurer shall return to the Reassured the full unearned premium reserve applicable to the unexpired liability, computed on the monthly pro rata basis, less provision for commissions as provided for herein. ARTICLE II TERRITORY 1. The territorial limits of this Treaty shall be the same as that in the Reassured's original policies, contracts or binders of insurance. ARTICLE III BUSINESS COVERED 1. This Treaty shall cover policies written or renewed by or on behalf of the Reassured during the term of this Treaty.  2. ARTICLE IV EXCLUSIONS 1. This Treaty shall not cover: A. Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - Liability - - Reinsurance as per attached. B. Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - Physical Damage - Reinsurance as per attached. C. Pools Exclusion Clause as per attached. ARTICLE V DEFINITION OF POLICIES 1. The term "policies", whenever used herein, shall mean all binders, policies, contracts, certificates and other obligations, whether oral or written, of insurance or reinsurance. ARTICLE VI QUOTA SHARE PARTICIPATION 1. The Reassured shall cede and the Reinsurer shall accept 50% of the Reassured's net liability in written premium in any one contract year on risks under all policies covered hereunder. 2. "Net Liability" shall mean the liability which the Reassured retains net for its own account and unreinsured in any way. Net liability shall include allocated loss adjustment expenses and the Reinsurer shall be liable for its proportionate share of all such expenses, irrespective of the amount of the cession or the limit hereunder applying to any one risk, any one loss occurrence. 3. The Reassured shall be the sole judge of what constitutes one risk. ARTICLE VII ORIGINAL CONDITIONS 1. All amounts ceded hereunder shall be subject to the same gross rates and to the same clauses, conditions, and modifications of the Reassured's policies and the Reinsurer shall pay losses as may be paid thereon and shall follow the settlements of the Reassured, subject always to the limits, terms and conditions of this treaty.  3. ARTICLE VIII LOSSES 1. The Reinsurer shall be liable for its proportionate share of the amount payable by the Reassured in settlement of losses or liability covered hereunder after deducting all recoveries, all salvage, and all amounts due from any other Reinsurers (whether collected or not). The Reinsurer shall also be liable for proportionate share of all allocated loss adjustment and legal expenses in connection with the adjustment and defense of claims covered hereunder, other than office expenses of the Reinsured and salaries of its regular employees. ARTICLE IX EXTRA CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 1. The reinsurer shall reinsure the Reassured, subject to the limit of this Treaty, for 50% of the Reassured's Extra Contractual Obligations losses. Such losses are defined as those liabilities (whether they constitute compensatory, incidental, exemplary or punitive damages) not covered under any other provision of this Treaty and which arise from the handling of any claim on business covered hereunder, such liabilities arising because of, but not limited to, the following: failure by the Reassured to settle within the policy limit or by reason of alleged or actual negligence, fraud or bad faith in rejecting an offer of settlement, in the preparation of the defense or in the trial of any action against its insured or reassured or in the preparation or prosecution of an appeal consequent upon such action. 2. The date on which any Extra Contractual Obligation is incurred by the Reassured shall be deemed, in all circumstances, to be the date of the original accident, casualty, disaster or loss occurrence. Any loss under this Article shall be deemed to be part of the original accident, casualty, disaster, or loss occurrence which gave rise to the claim by the insured under the original policy; in no event shall the Reinsurer's limit of liability for any accident, casualty, disaster or loss occurrence, including Extra Contractual Obligations, exceed the limit of the Treaty. 3. However, this Article shall not apply where the loss has been incurred due to the fraud of a member of the Board of Directors, or a corporate officer of the Reassured, acting individually or collectively or in collusion with a member of the Board of Directors, a corporate officer or a partner of any other corporation or partnership. 4. If any provisions of this contract shall be rendered illegal or unenforceable by the laws, regulations or public policy of any state, such provision shall be considered void in such state, but this shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this contract or the enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.  4. ARTICLE X NET LOSS 1. The term "net loss" shall mean the actual loss incurred by the Reassured under policies covered hereunder. Such loss shall include sums paid in settlement of claims and suits and in satisfaction of judgments, including prejudgment interest when added to judgment. Such loss also shall include any Losses in Excess of Policy Limits and any Extra Contractual Obligations incurred by the Reassured but shall exclude allocated loss adjustment expenses. 2. All salvages, recoveries payments and reversals or reductions of verdicts or judgments whether recovered, received or obtained prior or subsequent to loss settlement under this Treaty, including amounts recoverable under other reinsurance whether collected or not, shall be applied as if recovered, received or obtained prior to the aforesaid settlement and shall be deducted from the actual losses sustained to arrive at the amount of the net loss. Nothing in this article shall be construed to mean losses are not recoverable until the net loss to the Reassured finally has been ascertained. 3. All allocated loss adjustment expenses paid by the Reassured as a result of net losses covered hereunder shall be divided between the Reassured and the Reinsurer, without regard to the limit of this Treaty, in proportion to their share of the net loss. Allocated loss adjustment expenses shall include without limitation expenses sustained in connection with settlement and litigation of claims and suits, satisfaction of judgments, resistance to or negotiations concerning a loss, all interest on judgments other than prejudgment interest when added to a judgment and expenses sustained to obtain recoveries, salvages and other reimbursements, or to secure the reversal or reduction of a verdict or judgment. 4. In the event there are any recoveries, salvages, or reimbursements recovered subsequent to a loss settlement, or in the event a verdict or judgment is reversed or reduced, the allocated loss adjustment expenses incurred in obtaining the recovery, salvage or reimbursement or in securing the reduction or reversal shall be divided between the Reassured and the Reinsurer in proportion to their share of the benefit therefrom, with the expenses incurred up to the time of the loss settlement or the original verdict or judgment being divided in proportion to the share of the Reassured and the Reinsurer in the original loss settlement or verdict or judgment. 5. The Reinsurer shall be subrogated, as respects any loss for which the Reinsurer shall actually pay or become liable, but only to the extent of the amount of payment by or the amount of liability to the Reinsurer, to all the rights of the Reassured against any person or other entity who may be legally responsible in damages for said loss. Should the Reassured elect not to enforce such rights, the Reinsurer are hereby authorized and empowered to bring any appropriate action in the name of the Reassured or its policy- holders, or otherwise to enforce such rights. The Reinsurer shall promptly remit to the Reassured the amount of any judgment awarded in such an action in excess of the amount of payment by, or the amount of liability to, the Reinsurer hereunder.  5. ARTICLE XI LOSSES IN EXCESS OF POLICY LIMITS 1. The Reinsurer shall reinsure the Reassured, subject to the limit of this Treaty, for 50% of any loss in excess of the limit of its policy, such loss in excess of the limit having been incurred because of the failure by it to settle within the policy limit or by reason of alleged or actual negligence, fraud or bad faith in rejecting a offer of settlement, in the preparation of the defense or in the trial of any action against its insured or reassured or in the preparation or prosecution of an appeal consequent upon such action. 2. For the purposes of Paragraph 1. of this Article, the word "loss" shall mean any amounts for which the Reassured would have been contractually liable to pay had it not been for the limit of the policy. 3. However, this Article shall not apply where the loss has been incurred due to the fraud of a member of the Board of Directors, or a corporate officer of the Reassured, acting individually or collectively or in collusion with a member of the Board of Directors, a corporate officer or a partner of any other corporation or partnership. ARTICLE XII PREMIUM AND COMMISSION 1. A. The premium payable to the Reinsurer hereunder shall be calculated at the same gross rates and on the same basis as the premiums received by the Reassured on its original policies. B. The Reinsurer agrees to allow the Reassured a commission subject to a provisional rate of 20% on a sliding scale basis as follows: The provisional commission of 20% will be charged at a 75% loss ratio. The Reassured's commission will decrease .25% for each 1.0% increase in the loss ratio, to a minimum of 15% at a loss ratio of 95.0%. The Reassured's commission will increase .25% for each 1.0% decrease in the loss ratio, to a maximum of 25% at a 55% loss ratio. The initial commission adjustment period will be from January 1, 1997 to December 31, 1997. Thereafter, the commission adjustment period will be defined as each twelve consecutive calendar months during the term this Treaty remains in force. Commission adjustments will be computed at the end of the first consecutive fourteen month period. Thereafter, the commission adjustments will be computed annually, until all losses occurring during the respective commission adjustment period have been settled. C. The adjusted or final percentage of commission for any commission adjustment period shall be applied to the earned premiums hereunder for such period and the difference, if any, between the adjusted commission so determined and the provisional commission of 20.0% of written premiums for the period shall be paid by the debtor to the creditor.  6. D. The loss ratio for each commission adjustment period shall be determined by dividing losses (including losses in Excess of Policy Limits and Extra Contractual Obligations) and allocated loss adjustment expenses, incurred during the period by premiums earned during the period. E. The period from the inception hereof through December 31, 1997 shall constitute the first commission adjustment period hereunder. Each subsequent 12 month period shall constitute a further commission adjustment period hereunder. Adjustment period, the period from the end of the last complete commission adjustment period, or the inception of this Treaty if cancelled during the first commission adjustment period, to the date of cancellation, shall constitute a commission adjustment period hereunder. F. Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph E. of this Article, interim commission adjustment calculations shall be made December 31, 1997 and each period and annually each December 31 after the close of each period until all losses occurring during the period have been settled and all premiums earned during the period have been adjusted. ARTICLE XIII REPORTS AND ACCOUNTS 1. Within 30 days after the close of each calendar month, the Reassured shall furnish the Reinsurer with the following reports: A. Written premiums ceded during the month being reported, for all business covered hereunder. B. Losses (including Losses in Excess of Policy Limits and Extra Contractual Obligations) and loss adjustment expenses paid, and salvage amounts collected, during the month, by year or occurrence. C. Reserves for outstanding losses (including Losses in Excess of Policy limits and Extra Contractual Obligations) and loss adjustment expenses at the end of the month, by year of occurrence. 2. In addition to the reports in Paragraph 1. of this Article, after the close of each calendar quarter the Reassured shall furnish the Reinsurer with a report of unearned premiums as of the end of the quarter being reported. 3. Within 30 days after the close of each calendar month, the Reassured shall furnish the Reinsurer with an account showing the written premiums ceded during the month, less the commission allowed hereunder on premiums ceded, and less Reinsurer's share of the losses (including Losses in Excess of Policy Limits and Extra Contractual Obligations) and loss adjustment expenses during the month being reported. The balance due shall be payable by the debtor party within 30 days of the submission of the monthly account.  7. ARTICLE XIV ERRORS AND OMISSIONS 1. Inadvertent delays, errors or omissions made in connection with this Treaty shall not relieve either party from any liability which would have attached had such delay, error or omission not occurred, provided always that such delay, error or omission shall be rectified as soon as possible after discovery by the Reassured's Home Office. ARTICLE XV CURRENCY 1. The net liability of the Reassured and the Reinsurer's cession amount shall be considered in terms of United States currency and all premiums and losses hereunder shall be payable in United States currency. ARTICLE XVI TAXES 1. In consideration of the terms under which this Treaty is issued, the Reassured undertakes not to claim any deduction of the premium hereon when making Canadian Tax returns or when making tax returns, other than Income or Profits Tax returns, to any State or Territory of the United States of America or to the District of Columbia. ARTICLE XVII ACCESS TO REASSURED'S RECORDS 1. Upon reasonable notice being given to the Reassured, the Reinsurer or their designed representative shall have free access at any reasonable time during the term of this Treaty and subsequent to its termination to all records of the Reassured which pertain in any way to this reinsurance. ARTICLE XVIII SERVICE OF SUIT (Paragraphs 1. and 2. of this Clause only apply to a Reinsurer domiciled outside of the United States and/or unauthorized in the State of New York. 1. It is agreed that in the event of the failure of the Reinsurer hereon to pay any amount claimed to be due hereunder, the Reinsurer hereon, at the request of the Reassured, will submit to the jurisdiction of a Court of competent jurisdiction within the United States. Nothing in this Article constitutes or should be understood to constitute a waiver of Reinsurer's rights to commence an action in any Court of competent jurisdiction in the United States, to remove and action to a United States District Court, or to seek a transfer of a case to another Court as permitted by the laws of the United States or of any State in the United States. It is further agreed that service of process in such suit may be made upon Mendes and Mount, 3 Park Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10016, and that in any suit instituted against it upon this Treaty, the Reinsurer will abide by the final decision of such Court or of any Appellate Court in the event of an appeal. 8. 2. The above-named are authorized and directed to accept service of process on behalf of the Reinsurer in any such suite and/or upon the request of the Reassured to give a written undertaking to the Reassured that they will enter a general appearance upon the Reinsuer's behalf in the event such a suit shall be instituted. 3. Further, pursuant to any statute of any state, territory or district of the United States which makes provision therefore, the Reinsurer hereon hereby designate the Superintendent, Commissioner or Director of Insurance or other officer specified for that purpose in the statute, or his successor or successors in office, as their true and lawful attorney upon whom may be served any lawful process in any action, suit or proceeding instituted by or on behalf of the Reassured or any beneficiary hereunder arising out of this Treaty of reinsurance, and hereby designate the above- named as the person to whom the said officer is authorized to mail such process or a true copy thereof. ARTICLE XIX ARBITRATION 1. Any dispute or other matter in question between the Reassured and the Reinsurer arising out of or relating to the information, interpretation, performance, or breach of this Treaty, whether such dispute arises before or after termination of this Treaty, shall be settled by arbitration. Arbitration shall be initiated by the delivery of a written notice of demand for arbitration by one party to the other within a reasonable time after the dispute has arisen. 2. Each party shall appoint an individual as arbitrator and the two so appointed shall then appoint a third arbitrator. If either party refuses or neglects to appoint an arbitrator within sixty days, the other party may appoint the second arbitrator. If the two arbitrators do not agree on a third arbitrator within sixty days of their appointment, each of the arbitrators shall nominate three individuals. Each arbitrator shall then decline two of the nominations presented by the other arbitrator. The third arbitrator shall then be chosen from the remaining two nominations by drawing lots. The arbitrators shall be active or retired officers of insurance or reinsurance companies or Lloyd's London Underwriters; the arbitrators shall not have a personal or financial interest in the result of the arbitration. 3. The arbitration hearings shall be held in New York, New York or such other place as may be mutually agreed. Each party shall submit its case to the arbitrators within sixty days of the selection of the third arbitrator or within such longer period as may be agreed b the arbitrators. The arbitrators shall not be obliged to follow judicial formalities or the rules of evidence except to the extent required by governing law, that is, the state law of the situs of the arbitration as herein agreed; they shall make their decisions according to  9. the practice of the reinsurance business. The decision rendered by a majority of the arbitrators shall be final and binding on both parties. Such decision shall be a condition precedent to any right of legal action arising out of the arbitrated dispute which either party may have against the other. Judgment upon the award rendered may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. 4. Each party shall pay the fee and expenses of its own arbitrator and one-half of the fee and expenses of the third arbitrator. All other expenses of the arbitration shall be equally divided between the parties. 5. Except as provided above, arbitration shall be based, insofar as applicable, upon the procedures of the American Arbitration Association. ARTICLE XX INSOLVENCY 1. In the event of the insolvency of the Reassured and the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor, this reinsurance shall be payable on the basis of the liability of the Reassured as a result of claims allowed against the Reassured by any court of competent jurisdiction or any liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor having authority to allow such claims, without diminution because of such insolvency or because such liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor has failed to pay all or a portion of any claims. 2. Payments by the Reinsurer as above set forth shall be made directly to the Reassured or to its liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor, except as provided by subsection (a) of section 4118 of the New York Insurance Laws or except (a) where this Treaty specifies another payee in the event of the insolvency of the Reassured, and (b) the Reinsurer with the consent of the direct insures, and, as respects New York risks, the approval of the Superintendent of the New York Insurance Department has assumed such policy obligations of the Reassured as its direct obligations to the payees under such policies, in substitution for the obligations of the Reassured to such payees. 3. In the event of the insolvency of the Reassured, the liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor of the Reassured shall give written notice to the Reinsurer of the pendency of a claim against the insolvent Reassured on the policy or policies reinsured within a reasonable time after such claim the Reinsurer may investigate such claim and interpose, at its own expense, in the proceeding where such claim is to be adjudicated any defense or defenses which it may deem available to the Reassured or its liquidator, receiver, or statutory successor. The expense thus incurred by the Reinsurer shall be chargeable subject to court approval against the insolvent Reassured as part of the expense of liquidation to the extent of a proportionate share of the benefit which may accrue to the Reassured solely as a result of the defense undertaken by the Reinsur  er.  10. ARTICLE XXI RESERVES 1. If a jurisdiction of the United States will not permit the Reassured, in the statements required to be filed with its regulatory authority(ies), to receive full credit as admitted reinsurance for the Reinsurer's share of obligations, the Reassured shall forward to the Reinsurer a statement of the Reinsurer's share of such obligations. Upon receipt of such statement the Reinsurer shall promptly apply for, and provide the Reassured with, a "clean," unconditional and irrevocable Letter of Credit, in the amount specified in the statement submitted, with terms and bank acceptable to the regulatory authority(ies) having jurisdiction over the Reassured. 2. "Obligations," as used in this Article, shall mean the sum of losses paid and allocated loss adjustment expenses paid by the Reassured but not yet recovered from the Reinsured, plus reserves for reported losses, allocated loss adjustment expenses and losses incurred but not reported. 3. The Reinsurer hereby agrees that the Letter of Credit will provide for automatic extension of the Letter of Credit without amendment for one year from the date of expiration of said Letter or any future expiration date unless thirty(30) days prior to any expiration the issuing bank shall notify the Reassured by registered mail that the issuing bank elects not to consider the Letter of Credit renewed for any additional period. An issuing bank, not a "qualified Bank" as defined by Regulation No. 133 promulgated by the Insurance Department of the State of New York, shall provide sixty(60) days notice to the Reassured prior to any expiration. 4. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Treaty, the Reassured or any successor by operation of law of the Reassured including, without limitation, any liquidator, rehabilitator, receiver or conservator of the Reassured may draw upon such credit, without diminution because of the insolvency of any party hereto, at any time and undertakes to use and apply such credit for one or more of the following purposes only: A. To pay the Reinsurer's share or to reimburse the Reassured for the Reinsurer's share of any obligations, as stipulated in the statement submitted by the Reassured to the Reinsurer, which is due to the Reassured and not otherwise paid by the Reinsurer. B. In the event the Reassured has received effective notice of non-renewal of the Letter of Credit and the Reinsurer's liability remains unliquidated and undischarged thirty(30) days prior to the expiry date of the Letter of Credit, to withdraw the balance of the Letter of Credit and place such sums in an interest bearing trust account to secure the continuing liabilities of the Reinsurer under this Treaty until a renewal Letter of Credit acceptable  11. to the regulatory authority(ies) having jurisdiction over the Reassured, or a substitute in lieu thereof acceptable to the regulatory authority(ies) having jurisdiction over the Reassured, has been received by the Reassured. The Reassured shall provide to the Reinsurer payment of any interest thereon accruing from such account. C. To make refund of any sum which is in excess f the actual amount required for Sections A. and B. of this paragraph. 5. At annual intervals or more frequently as determined by the Reassured, but never more frequently than quarterly, the Reassured shall prepare a specific statement, for the sole purpose of amending the Letter of Credit, of the Reinsurer's share of any obligations. If the statement shows that the Reinsurer's share of obligations exceeds the balance of credit as of the statement date, the Reinsurer shall, within thirty(30) days after receipt of notice of such excess, secure delivery to the Reassured of an amendment of the Letter of Credit increasing the amount of credit by the amount of such difference. If the statement shows, however, that the Reinsurer's share of obligations is less than the balance of credit as of the statement date, the Reassured shall, within thirty(30) days after receipt of written request from the Reinsurer, release such excess credit by agreeing to secure an amendment to the Letter of Credit reducing the amount of credit available by the amount of such excess credit. 6. The bank shall have no responsibility whatsoever in connection with the propriety of withdrawals made by the Reassured or the disposition of funds withdrawn, except to assure that withdrawals are made only upon the order of properly authorized representatives of the Reassured. The Reassured shall incur no obligation to the bank in acting upon the credit, other than as appears in the express terms thereof.,  POOLS EXCLUSION CLAUSE SECTION A It is agreed that the following is excluded hereunder: (1) All business derived directly or indirectly from any Pool, Association or Syndicate which maintains its own reinsurance facilities. (2) Any Pool or Scheme, (whether voluntary or mandatory) formed after 1st March, 1968 for the purpose of insuring property whether on a country-wide basis or in respect of designated areas. This exclusion shall not apply to so- called Automobile Insurance Plans or other Pools formed to provide coverage for Automobile Physical Damage. It is agreed, where this clause is attached to Catastrophe Reinsurance Agreements, the following, as respects all perils otherwise protected hereunder, shall not be excluded from the protection afforded by the said Catastrophe Reinsurance Agreement: (a) All Fair Plan business. (b) Liability accruing to the Reassured from its participation in the following "Coastal Pools". Alabama Insurance Underwriting Association Florida Windstorm Underwriting Association Louisiana Insurance Underwriting Association Mississippi Insurance Underwriting Association North Carolina Insurance Underwriting Association South Carolina Windstorm and Hail Underwriting Association Texas Catastrophe Property Insurance Association However this reinsurance does not include any increase in liability resulting from: (i) The inability of any other participant in such "Coastal Pool" or Fair Plan to meet its liability. (ii) Any claim against such "Coastal Pool" or Fair Plan, or any Participant therein, including the Reassured, whether by way of subrogation or otherwise, brought by or on behalf of any Insolvency Fund (as defined in the Insolvency Funds Exclusion Clause incorporated in this agreement). SECTION B It is agreed that business written by the Reassured for the same perils, which is known at the time to be insured by, or in excess of underlying amounts placed in the following Pools, Associations or Syndicates, whether by way of insurance or reinsurance, is excluded hereunder. Industrial Risk Insurers Associated Factory Mutuals Improved Risk Mutuals Any Pool, Association or Syndicate formed for, the purpose of writing oil, gas or petro- chemical plants and/or oil or gas drilling rigs.  SECTION B (Cont'd) United States Aircraft Insurance Group Canadian Aircraft Insurance Group Associated Aviation Underwriters American Aviation Underwriters Section B does not apply: (1) Where the Total Insured Value over all interests of the risk in question is less than $250,000,000. (2) to interests traditionally underwritten as Inland Marine or Stock and/or Contents written on a Blanket Basis. (3) to Contingent Business Interruption, except when the Reassured is aware that the key location is known at the time to be insured in any Pool, Association or Syndicate named above. (4) to risks as follows: offices, hotels, apartments, hospitals, educational establishments, public utilities (other than railroad schedules) and builder's risks on the above classes.  CENTURION INSURANCE COMPANY 50% QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE TREATY EFFECTIVE JANUARY 1, 1997 (hereinafter call the "Reassured") by EMPIRE INSURANCE COMPANY NEW YORK, NEW YORK (hereinafter called the "Reinsurer") Under the terms of this Treaty the above Reinsurer agrees to assume a 50% share of the liability described in the attached Treaty and, as consideration, the Reinsurer shall receive a 50% share of the premium named therein. Signed in New York, New York this 27th day of March, 1997 EMPIRE INSURANCE COMPANY By: FRANCIS M. COLALUCCI Title: SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND CFO and in New York, New York, this 27th day of March, 1997 CENTURION INSURANCE COMPANY By: BRUCE OSTERMAN Title: VICE PRESIDENT AND CONTROLLER  U.S.A. Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - Physical Damage - Reinsurance 1.This reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any Pool of Insurers or Reinsurers formed for the purpose of covering Atomic or Nuclear Energy risks. 2.Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) of this Clause, this reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any insurance against Physical Damage (including business interruption or consequential loss arising out of such Physical Damage) to: I. Nuclear reactor power plants including all auxiliary property on the site, or II. Any other nuclear reactor installation, including laboratories handling radioactive materials in connection with reactor installations, and "critical facilities" as such, or III. Installations for fabricating complete fuel elements or for processing substantial quantities of "special nuclear material," and for reprocessing, salvaging, chemically separating, storing or disposing of "spent" nuclear fuel or waste materials, or IV. Installations other than those listed in paragraph (2) III above using substantial quantities of radioactive isotopes or other products of nuclear fission. 3.Without in any way restricting the operations of paragraphs (1) and (2) hereof, this reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive contamination accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any insurance on property which is on the same site as a nuclear reactor power plant or other nuclear installation and which normally would be insured therewith except that this paragraph (3) shall not operate. (a) where Reassured does not have knowledge of such nuclear reactor power plant or nuclear installation, or (b) where said insurance contains a provision excluding coverage for damage to property caused by or resulting from radioactive contamination, however caused. However on and after 1st January 1960 this sub-paragraph (b) shall only apply provided the said radioactive contami- nation exclusion provision has been approved by the Governmental Authority having jurisdiction thereof. 4.Without in any way restricting the operations of paragraphs (1), (2) and (3) hereof, this reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive contamination accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, when such radioactive contamination is a name hazard specifically insured against. 5.It is understood and agreed that this Clause shall not extend to risks using radioactive isotopes in any form where the nuclear exposure is not considered by the Reassured to be the primary hazard. 6.The term "special nuclear material" shall have the meaning given it in the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 or by any law amendatory thereof. 7.Reassured to be sole judge of what constitutes:  Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - Physical Damage - Reinsurance (CONT'D) (a) substantial quantities, and (b) the extent of installation, plant or site. NOTE - Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) hereof, it is understood and agreed that (a) all policies issued by the Reassured on or before 31st December 1957 shall be free from the application of the other provisions of this Clause until expiry date or 31st December 1960 whichever first occurs whereupon all the provisions of this Clause shall apply. (b) with respect to any risk located in Canada policies issued by the Reassured on or before 31st December 1958 shall be free from the application of the other provisions of this Clause until expiry date 31st December 1960 whichever first occurs whereupon all the provisions of this Clause shall apply. Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - LIABILITY - Reinsurance 1.This reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the Reassured as a member of, or subscriber to, any association of insurers or reinsurers formed for the purpose of covering nuclear energy risks or as a direct or indirect reinsurer of any such member, subscriber or association. 2.Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph 1 of this Clause it is understood and agreed that for all purposes of this reinsurance all the original policies of the Reassured (new, renewal and replacement) of the classes specified in Clause II of this paragraph 2 from the time specified in Clause III in this paragraph 2 shall be deemed to include the following provision (specified as the Limited Exclusion Provision): Limited Exclusion Provision.  {injury, sickness, {disease, death or {destruction I. It is agreed that the policy does not apply under any liability coverage, to {bodily injury or property damage with respect to which an insurer under the policy is also an insured under a nuclear energy liability policy issued by Nuclear Energy Liability Insurance Association, Mutual Atomic Energy Liability Underwriters or Nuclear Insurance Association of Canada, or would be an insured under any such policy but for its termination upon exhaustion of its limit of liability. II. Family Automobile Policies (liability only), Special Automobile Policies (private passenger automobiles, liability only), Farmers Comprehensive Personal Liability Policies (liability only), Comprehensive Personal Liability Policies (liability only) or policies of a similar nature; and the liability portion of combination forms related to the four classes of policies stated above, such as the Comprehensive Dwelling Policy and the applicable types of Homeowners Policies. III. The inception dates and thereafter of all original policies as described in II above, whether new, renewal or replacement, being policies which either (a) become effective on or after 1st May, 1960 or (b) become effective before that date and contain the Limited Exclusion Provision set out above; provided this paragraph 2 shall not be applicable to Family Automobile Policies, Special Automobile Policies, or policies or combination policies of a similar nature, issued by the Reassured on New York risks, until 90 days following approval of the Limited Exclusion Provision by the Governmental Authority having jurisdiction thereof. 3.Except for those classes of policies specified in Clause II of paragraph 2 and without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph 1 of this Clause, it is understood and agreed that for all purposes of this reinsurance the original liability policies of the Reassured (new, renewal and replacement; affording the following coverages: Owners, Landlords and Tenants Liability, Contractual Liability, Elevator Liability, Owners or (Contractors (including railroad) Protective Liability, Manufacturers and Contractors Liability, Product Liability, Professional and Malpractice Liability, Storekeepers Liability, Garage Liability, Automobile Liability (including Massachusetts Motor Vehicle or Garage Liability) shall be deemed to include, with respect to such coverages, from the time specified in Clause V of this paragraph 3, the following provision (specified as the Broad Exclusion Provision): Broad Exclusion Provision.   Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - LIABILITY - Reinsurance (CONT'D) It is agreed that the policy does not apply: {injury, sickness, disease, death or destruction I. Under any Liability Coverage, to {bodily injury or property damage (a) with respect to which an insured under the policy is also an insured under a nuclear energy liability policy issued by Nuclear Energy Liability Insurance Association. Mutual Atomic Energy Liability Underwriters or Nuclear Insurance Association of Canada, or would be an insured under any such policy but for its termination upon exhaustion of its limit of liability; or (b) resulting from the hazardous properties of nuclear material and with respect to which (1) any person or organization is required to maintain financial protection pursuant to the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, or any law amendatory thereof, or (2) the insured is, or had this policy not been issued would be entitled to indemnity from the United States of America, or any agency thereof, under any agreement entered into by the United States of America, or any agency thereof, with any person or organization. II. Under any Medical Payments Coverage, or under any Supplementary Payments Provision relating to {immediate medical or surgical relief, {first aid {bodily injury, sickness, disease or death to expenses incurred with respect to {bodily injury resulting from the hazardous properties of nuclear material and arising out of the operation of a nuclear facility by any person or organization. {injury, sickness, disease, death or destruction III. Under any Liability Coverage, to {bodily injury or property damage resulting from the hazardous properties of nuclear material, if (a) the nuclear material (1) is at any nuclear facility owned by, or operated by or on behalf of, an insured or (2) has been discharged or dispersed therefrom; (b) the nuclear material is contained in spent fuel or waste at any time possessed, handled, used, processed, stored, transported or disposed of by or on behalf of an insured; or {injury, sickness, disease, death or destruction (c) the {bodily injury or property damage arises out of the furnishing by an insured of services, materials, parts or equipment in connection with planning, construction, maintenance, operation or use of any nuclear facility, but if such facility is located within the United States of America, its territories, or possessions or Canada, {injury to or destruction of property of such nuclear {facility. this exclusion (c) applies only to {property damage to such nuclear facility and any property thereat. IV. As used in this endorsement: "hazardous properties" include radioactive, toxic or explosive properties; "nuclear material" means source material, special nuclear material or by product material; "source material", "special nuclear material", and "by product material" have the meanings given them in the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 or in any law amendatory thereof; "spent fuel" means any fuel element or fuel component, solid or liquid, which has been used or exposed to radiation in a nuclear reactor; "waste" means any waste material (1) containing by product material other  Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - LIABILITY - Reinsurance (CONT'D) than tailings or wastes produced by the extraction or concentration of uranium or thorium from any ore processed primarily for its source material content, and (2) resulting from the operation by any person or organization of any nuclear facility included under the first two paragraphs of the definition of nuclear facility; "nuclear facility" means (a) any nuclear reactor, (b) any equipment or device designed or used for (1) separating the isotopes of uranium or plutonium, (2) processing or utilizing spent fuel, or (3) handling, processing or packaging waste. (c) any equipment or device used for the processing, fabricating or alloying of special nuclear material if any time the total amount of such material in the custody of the insured at the premises where such equipment or device is located consists of or contains more than 25 grams of plutonium or uranium 233 or any combination thereof, or more than 250 grams of uranium 235. (d) any structure, basin, excavation, premises or place prepared or used for the storage or disposal of waste, and includes the site on which any of the foregoing is located, all operations conducted on such site and all premises used for such operations; "nuclear reactor" means any apparatus designed or used to sustain nuclear fission in a self-supporting chain reaction or to contain a critical mass of fissionable material; {With respect to injury to or destruction of property, the word "injury" or "destruction" {"property damage" includes all forms of radioactive contamination of property, {includes all forms of radioactive contamination of property. V. The inception dates and thereafter of all original policies affording coverages specified in this paragraph 3, whether new, renewal or replacement, being policies which become effective on or after 1st May, 1960, provided this paragraph 3 shall not be applicable to (i) Garage and Automobile Policies issued by the Reassured on New York risks, or (ii) statutory liability insurance required under Chapter 90, General Laws of Massachusetts, until 90 days following approval of the Broad Exclusion Provision by the Governmental Authority having jurisdiction thereof. 4.Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph 1 of this Clause, it is understood and agreed that paragraphs 2 and 3 above are not applicable to original liability policies of the Reassured in Canada and that with respect to such policies this Clause shall be deemed to include the Nuclear Energy Liability Exclusion Provisions adopted by the Canadian Underwriters' Association or the Independent Insurance Conference of Canada.  NOTE. The words printed in italics in the Limited Exclusion Provision and in the Broad Exclusion Provision shall apply only in relation to original liability policies which include a Limited Exclusion Provision or a Broad Exclusion Provision containing those words.  EX-27 3  -----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----  
