-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE----- Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org Originator-Key-Asymmetric: MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ== MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA, qBjup7G3MtAdQjUNF16kM+wO6GyA47GCrR2YQJ+kNoKBW0ELCZf8/jLQXm6rJens uG38MszZkDJdixj+aUaP8g== 0000002852-94-000025.txt : 19950607 0000002852-94-000025.hdr.sgml : 19950607 ACCESSION NUMBER: 0000002852-94-000025 CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE: 10-K/A PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT: 8 CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT: 19940630 FILED AS OF DATE: 19940923 SROS: NONE FILER: COMPANY DATA: COMPANY CONFORMED NAME: AGWAY INC CENTRAL INDEX KEY: 0000002852 STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION: 5171 IRS NUMBER: 150277720 STATE OF INCORPORATION: DE FISCAL YEAR END: 0630 FILING VALUES: FORM TYPE: 10-K/A SEC ACT: 1934 Act SEC FILE NUMBER: 002-22791 FILM NUMBER: 94550182 BUSINESS ADDRESS: STREET 1: 333 BUTTERNUT DR CITY: DEWITT STATE: NY ZIP: 13214 BUSINESS PHONE: 3154496431  10-K 1  1 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark One) x ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES - - - - - - - - --- EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [FEE REQUIRED] For the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [NO FEE REQUIRED] For the transition period from to Commission file number 2-22791 AGWAY INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 15-0277720 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 333 Butternut Drive, DeWitt, New York 13214 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code 315-449-6431 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered None None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. X --- Yes No State the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the registrant as of September 7, 1994. Membership Common Stock, $25 Par Value - $2,763,550. Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. Class Outstanding at September 7, 1994 ----- -------------------------------- Membership Common Stock, $25 Par Value 110,542 Shares PAGE 1 OF . EXHIBIT INDEX APPEARS ON SEQUENTIALLY NUMBERED PAGE . 2 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT - 1994 AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CROSS REFERENCE SHEET Page PART I Items 1. & 2. Business and Properties Description of Business and Properties . . . . 3 Competition. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9 Human Resources. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10 Regulation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10 Administrative . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11 Stockholder Membership and Control of Agway. . 11 Patronage Refunds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13 Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14 PART II Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters. . . . . . . . . . 15 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. . . . . . . . . . . . 15 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. . 16 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. . 25 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 25 PART III Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant . . . . . . . . . . . . 54 Item 11. Executive Compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . 57 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management . . . . . . . . . . . . 59 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 59 PART IV Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K. . . . . . . . . . 60 Signatures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 74 Appendix . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 77 3 PART I Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties GENERAL Agway Inc. (the "Company" or "Agway"), incorporated under the Delaware General Corporation Law in 1964 and headquartered in DeWitt, New York, functions as an agricultural cooperative directly engaged in product manufacturing, processing and distribution, wholesale purchasing, and the marketing of commodities for its farmer-members and other patrons in the states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, and Vermont. The Company, through certain of its subsidiaries, is involved in the distribution of petroleum products; repackaging and marketing of vegetables; underwriting and sale of certain types of property and casualty insurance; sale of health insurance; and financing. Refer to the following page which summarizes the organizational structure of Agway as of June 30, 1994. Operating on a cooperative basis, the Company is eligible to pay patronage refunds to members and contract patrons. For income tax purposes, Agway is subject to corporate income tax at applicable tax rates on all taxable income remaining after deductions for such patronage refunds. Agway Financial Corporation (AFC), a wholly owned subsidiary of Agway, is a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1986 with principal executive offices located in Wilmington, Delaware. AFC's business activities consist primarily of securing financing through bank borrowings and issuance of corporate debt instruments to provide funds to its sole stockholder, Agway, and AFC's sole wholly owned subsidiary, Agway Holdings, Inc. (AHI), and its subsidiaries, for general corporate purposes. The payment of principal and interest on this debt is absolutely and unconditionally guaranteed by Agway. The operations of the Company are conducted directly and through its subsidiaries and affiliates under the Agriculture & Consumer, Energy, and Financial Services Groups described below. (See Note 14 to the financial statements for financial information regarding industry segments.) In 1992, the Company initiated Customer Driven: 1995...Focusing on the 21st Century (the "Project") to restructure the Company to better focus on its members and customers and to re- engineer the Company's business processes to improve future profitability. These restructuring measures included a reduction in personnel; plants; stores; and adjustments to net realizable values of certain assets which were disposed; and resulted in a pre-tax restructuring charge of $75 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 1992, the amount estimated at that time to be necessary to accomplish Project goals. Project initiatives for the Agriculture & Consumer Group were primarily focused on transferring the marketing, sales, and related operating assets of agricultural products, previously conducted through retail operations, to agricultural hubs and dedicated customer service centers. These initiatives, designed to facilitate customer order entry and to improve customer service, were implemented over the period from October 1992 through October 1993 and have increased the cost of operations during the course of their implementation. An additional initiative focused on merging 53 local store cooperatives into Agway, which was substantially completed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 1993, to provide strategic positioning in the marketplace. This initiative had the effect of incrementally increasing sales, gross margins and expenses in fiscal 1994 over preceding periods. Finally, the Agriculture & Consumer Group closed, consolidated and/or converted various facilities to focus assets and capital into selected markets and to eliminate duplication. For the Energy Group, Project initiatives were primarily divestitures of retail locations in an effort to focus assets and capital in selected markets. In addition, sales to commercial accounts were refocused away from price-oriented accounts to service-oriented accounts. Other initiatives included personnel reductions through an early retirement program and changes in work practices, as well as a reduction in selected corporate assets through sale and/or disposal of excess assets. With a substantial number of its initiatives completed, the Company now estimates the total cost of the program will be $6.1 million less than the initial $75 million estimate. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 1994, therefore, excess accruals of $6.1 million were credited to operating earnings. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for a more complete discussion of the financial aspects of the restructuring program. (Reference is also made to Note 14 to the financial statements with respect to financial information for each of these groups.) 4 Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties - Continued GENERAL (continued) ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE OF AGWAY AS OF JUNE 30, 1994 ORGANIZATIONAL CHART INSERTED HERE. SEE APPENDIX FOR NARRATIVE OF THE CONTENTS OF THE CHART. Effective July 1, 1994, certain subsidiaries were merged into Agway Inc. There was no change in the reporting entity Agway Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries. However, the consolidated financial statement of Agway Financial Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Agway Inc., was affected. See Note 2 to the financial statements included elsewhere herein. 5 Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties - Continued DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS On March 23, 1993, the Agway Inc. Board of Directors authorized management to sell its interest in Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. (Curtice Burns) and H. P. Hood Inc. (Hood). Agway had hired Goldman, Sachs & Co. in February 1993 to assist in an assessment of sales alternatives with respect to Curtice Burns, and Compton & Associates in October 1992 with respect to Hood. Agway and Goldman, Sachs & Co. later terminated this engagement and Goldman, Sachs & Co. was retained by Curtice Burns in connection with pursuing a sale of Curtice Burns. Management and the Board had specific plans for the divestiture of these operations and expected to divest of both investments in fiscal 1994; however, due to unanticipated occurrences, neither transaction was consummated by June 30, 1994. Management and the Board continue to execute their plans for sale and expect to consummate the transactions within the next fiscal year. (Reference is made to Note 17 to the financial statements and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Discontinued Operations.") Agway's decision to sell its interest in its food processing subsidiaries (Curtice Burns and Hood) is part of the Company's overall strategic plan of focusing on its agriculture, consumer, energy, insurance, and leasing businesses. Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. AHI owns approximately 34% of the outstanding shares of common stock of Curtice Burns, a New York corporation organized in 1961. AHI ownership consists of 14% of the outstanding Class A common stock and 99% of the outstanding Class B common stock. The Class A common stock is publicly traded and is listed on the American Stock Exchange. Class A and Class B common stock have equal voting rights, except that the holders of Class A common stock, voting separately and as a class, are entitled to vote for the election of 30% of the number of Directors then constituting the entire Board of Directors of Curtice Burns, rounded to the nearest whole number. Holders of Class B common stock, voting separately and as a class, are entitled to vote for the election of all other Directors of Curtice Burns. Therefore, since AHI owns 99% of the Class B common stock, Agway can elect 70% of the Board of Directors of Curtice Burns. Dividends may be paid on Class A shares without payment of dividends on Class B shares; any dividends paid on Class B shares cannot exceed per share dividends on Class A shares. Curtice Burns' business is principally conducted in one industry segment, the processing and sale of various branded and private label food products. Through its seven operating divisions, Curtice Burns produces and markets a variety of processed food products, including canned vegetables, frozen vegetables and fruits, canned desserts, canned fruits, condiments and salad dressings, snack foods, pickles, canned meat dishes, soups and peanut butter, and produces containers for some of its food products. H. P. Hood Inc. Agway, either directly or through AHI, owns approximately 99% of Hood. Hood, which is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, is a processor and distributor of branded and private label dairy and other foods to the northeastern United States, with sales concentrated in three product classes - fluid milk and related products, ice cream, and manufactured products. CONTINUING OPERATIONS AGRICULTURE & CONSUMER GROUP The Agriculture component (Agriculture) of this Group engages in the manufacturing and processing of various farm animal feeds, field crop and garden seeds, fertilizers, and chemicals and sells these products directly to end-user customers. The Consumer component (Consumer) of this segment sells farm-related products, pet foods and animal care products, and yard and garden products. Additionally, Consumer functions as a wholesaler of certain product categories to franchised representatives and other businesses. Management of Agway's Country Foods business unit is the responsibility of Consumer and is included in the Agriculture & Consumer segment. 6 Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties - Continued AGRICULTURE & CONSUMER GROUP (continued) Agriculture Agriculture serves customers through two aligned businesses, Feed operations and Crops operations. Feed: Feed operations manufacture livestock and poultry feeds under Company formula and provide grain and ingredient brokerage services. Products are sold primarily through three Agriculture customer service hub locations. The Company operates 16 regional feed mills, principally in New York, Pennsylvania, and Vermont. Productive capacity is sufficient to meet market needs. Crops: Crops operations are responsible for the manufacturing, processing, and procurement of crop-related products sold through three Agriculture hub locations as direct shipments to patrons, farmer- dealers, and wholesale accounts. Products sold primarily for farm use and selected non-farm use include plant nutrients, lime, crop protectants, and various seed products. For certain products, customers are offered extended payment terms and are entitled to return their purchase for either a replacement item or refund in the ordinary course of business. Crops operations are seasonal with the majority of sales and demand on working capital being generated in late winter and spring. Crops operations now own and operate approximately 80 nutrient plants and storage facilities, four seed plants, and three crop protectant warehouses. Productive capacity is sufficient to meet market needs. In addition, people and facilities associated with the Company's Research and Applied Technology Department, managed by Agriculture, add strength to member customer service and product development efforts. The Research and Applied Technology Department, which conducts all of the Company's research and development activities, develops, tests, and demonstrates concepts, products, and practices which, when used as an integral part of a prescribed program, will enhance the profit potential of farming. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992, gross expenditures of $5.0 million, $4.9 million and $5.9 million, respectively, were made on research activities by the Company as a whole. Approximately 49 employees are engaged in research and product development activities. The Research and Applied Technology Department operates the Agway Farm Research Center in Tully, New York, and a Technical Center in Ithaca, New York. The Agway Farm Research Center consists of nearly 745 acres, facilities for 600 head of dairy cattle, and a unit which provides an appropriate laboratory, office space, and conference rooms. The Technical Center has chemical and microbiological assay capability and engages in small animal research. Consumer Consumer is comprised of two units, Retail/Wholesale operations and Country Foods operations. Retail/Wholesale: Through its store and franchised representa- tive system, Consumer conducts retail sales and distribution activities through 172 Company-owned facilities and 364 franchised representatives located in all of the New England states and in Delaware, Maryland, New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania. In 1992, 55 unconsolidated local cooperatives served as outlets for Agway products and services. During the fiscal year ended June 1993, 53 of these local cooperatives voted to merge into Agway. Mergers of 46 of these store cooperatives were completed by June 30, 1993, and the remaining seven mergers were completed in the 1994 fiscal year. The two cooperatives that did not elect to merge into Agway voted to become franchised representatives. The retail system is focused primarily on three primary product categories: yard and garden, pet food and animal care, and farm- related products. The yard and garden and farm-related products are seasonal with the majority of sales and demand on working capital being generated in late winter and spring. The franchised representatives are authorized to sell Agway branded products and are primarily located in areas where Company-owned facilities are not in existence. Two distribution centers, located in Elizabethtown, Pennsylvania, and Westfield, Massachusetts, are operated to support the retail store and franchised representative system and provide adequate storage space to effectively handle distribution needs. 7 Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties - Continued AGRICULTURE & CONSUMER GROUP (continued) Retail/Wholesale: (continued) Through other distribution channels, Consumer conducts sales, installation, and service operations for farm mechanical equipment in regionalized areas; provides a catalog for farmers with mail and telephone ordering of farm animal health products; manufactures pet food; and provides a dairy route delivery service of animal health and farm supplies in regionalized areas. In support of these marketing and sales activities, Consumer conducts wholesale purchasing, warehousing, and distribution activities. Two pet food manufacturing plants, located in Waverly, New York, and St. Marys, Ohio, produce small animal food products which are distributed through the Agway distribution system, other cooperatives, and direct to users. The small animal food plant at St. Marys is leased from the City of St. Marys, Ohio, pursuant to a 20-year industrial revenue bond financing agreement that expires in March 1999. A multi-walled bag printing plant, located in Wapakoneta, Ohio, supplies bags used in the small animal food manufacturing process. Country Foods: The Country Foods business unit of Consumer is comprised of six operating subsidiaries owned directly or indirectly by AHI. Through its Country Foods unit, Consumer purchases certain commodities produced by members and other farmers and conducts repacking and processing operations as well as marketing, sales, and distribution of the end products. Principal commodities processed, sold, and distributed include edible dry beans, tablestock and seed potatoes, onions, human edible sunflower, bird food, and flour. Several of these Country Foods businesses operate outside the Northeast and serve both rural and suburban markets. Country Foods operates processing plants for edible dry beans at Caledonia, Geneva, and Moravia, New York, with combined storage capacity of 185,000 cwt., and a flour mill in Churchville, New York, with wheat storage capacity of 250,000 bushels. Sunflower processing and storage facilities, located at Grandin, North Dakota, produce and market human edible sunflower, hulled millet, wild bird food, and related products. The Country Foods unit also operates six potato and onion repacking facilities located at Moosic, Pennsylvania; Prattsburg, New York; Canastota, New York; Elba, New York; Chittenango, New York; and Plant City, Florida. These produce businesses specialize in the sale of consumer packages of potatoes, onions, and other vegetables to retail outlets. Another operation, located in Ordbend, California, procures, conditions, and sells stock and commercial dry edible beans, field seeds, vine seeds and mung beans. The Country Foods facilities have sufficient capacity to meet their operating requirements. ENERGY GROUP The Energy Group consists of Agway Petroleum Corporation. Agway Petroleum Corporation Agway Petroleum Corporation (d/b/a Agway Energy Products), a Delaware corporation wholly owned by AHI, markets petroleum products including gasolines, kerosene, fuel oil, diesel fuel, propane, lubricating oils and greases, antifreeze, as well as oil and gas heating and air conditioning equipment, and other related items. A concentration in oil and propane heating fuels creates seasonal increases in sales and working capital requirements in the fall and winter months. All products are purchased from numerous suppliers or through open market purchases. There are no long-term supply contracts exceeding one year; however, Agway Petroleum Corporation does enter into supply contracts for periods ranging from three to nine months. Agway Energy Products currently owns storage capacity for approximately 2,880,000 barrels of products at 10 terminals located in New York and Pennsylvania. The Group operates 104 retail distribution centers located throughout New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Massachusetts, and Vermont. Agway Energy Products also distributes petroleum products through 87 distributors and resellers. Facilities are sufficient to meet the current operating requirements of the business. 8 Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties - Continued FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP The Financial Services Group consists of Telmark Inc., a leasing subsidiary; Agway Insurance, a property and casualty insurance subsidiary; and Agway General Agency, a subsidiary which markets accident and health insurance products and administers health insurance programs. Telmark Inc. Telmark Inc. (Telmark), a New York corporation wholly owned by AHI, finances buildings, equipment, and vehicles primarily to the rural community in 21 northeastern and midwestern states. As of June 30, 1994, Telmark had approximately $370 million of leases outstanding with persons other than Agway and its subsidiaries, including unearned interest and finance charges of approximately $85 million. An agreement exists between AHI and Telmark whereby AHI agrees to advance funds to Telmark, such that Telmark's debt-to-equity ratio will be preserved at no greater than 5 to 1. Any funds advanced by AHI are regarded as subordinated debt. This agreement is in effect for one year periods, renewed annually, unless terminated by any party upon thirty days' written notice. Agway has guaranteed the performance of AHI's obligations under this agreement. Agway Insurance Company Agway Insurance Company is a New York corporation wholly owned by AHI. This company is authorized to write insurance as specified in the New York Insurance Law, Sections 46 and 341 (1) (d), and currently writes insurance in 14 eastern states from its facility in DeWitt, New York. Lines of insurance sold include Farmowners, Homeowners, Fire, Extended Coverage, Auto Liability, and Physical Damage and General Liability. 9 Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties - Continued COMPETITION The Company, one of the largest supply cooperatives in the country, deals in a wide variety of product lines and market segments. Many of its high volume products are sold in highly competitive markets where product differentiation is difficult to achieve. The Company strives to differentiate itself through superior customer service and product knowledge. Agriculture & Consumer Group Agriculture: In the livestock and poultry feed business, the Company is one of the largest in sales volume in the northeastern United States. Competition exists with large national and regional feed manufacturers as well as with local independent mills. The strong competitive market position held by Agway in the feed business has resulted from technological advances in the performance of its products and an effective manufacturing and distribution system. Agway plant nutrients, seed, crop protectants, and lime products compete in the commercial farm market. Although there are substantial regional variations in market share, the Company's competitive position is generally strong in the commercial farm market. Competition varies significantly by product line and consists of independent dealers and several major manufacturing corporations. Agway competes on the basis of technical expertise and field application services, product performance, crop management practices developed by Agway, and computerized assistance to the farmer in making crop management decisions. Consumer: Retail competition varies by product line and location and consists of larger lawn and garden chains, smaller lawn and garden nurseries, building material stores, home center stores, large discounters, and specialty pet stores. Wholesale competition to franchised representatives also varies by product line and consists of national, regional and local wholesalers; independent distributors; and pet food manufacturers. Agway competes on the basis of product knowledge, expertise, and customer service, while maintaining competitive pricing. Country Foods competes with a larger number of firms of all sizes and types in most of its product categories. The principal factors of competition in the vegetable repack operations are product quality, efficiencies in product distribution, concentration in selected markets, and current market pricing. In the product lines of dry beans, tablestock and seed potatoes, onions, and flour, Country Foods does not occupy a major position in national markets. Energy Group Agway Energy Products competes in the residential, farm, and commercial markets with a large number and variety of competitors, ranging from major oil companies to local fuel oil distributors. The principal methods of competition are service, quality, and price. Improved technologies and products in the energy field and expansion of its propane business are providing growth opportunities. Agway Energy Products continues to maintain and expand its share of the heating oil and propane market in the geographic areas where it perceives its market goals can be achieved, exiting those markets where they cannot. Financial Services Group Telmark competes with national and regional leasing companies in addition to traditional agricultural lenders. Other major sources of competition are manufacturers' finance and lease programs and regional banks offering lease products to their customers. The Farm Credit System is the major independent competitor presently active in the agricultural market. The Farm Credit System offers a complete array of traditional loan programs as well as lease financing through Farm Credit Leasing. Agway Insurance Company competes with major direct writers, national agency companies, and smaller regional insurance carriers. Agway Insurance utilizes an independent agency distribution system to market insurance products and services for the benefit of the farm, rural, and suburban community. Growth opportunities come through the development of specialty products for the agricultural community, professional agency recruitment, and dedication of marketing resources to targeted rural markets. 10 Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties - Continued HUMAN RESOURCES Agway employs approximately 7,900 persons, 2,200 of which are part-time. There are approximately 200 employees represented by three different unions with 10 existing contracts. The Company enjoys satisfactory relations with both its union and nonunion employees as a result of competitive wage, health, and benefit programs. The Company maintains a noncontributory retirement plan for nonunion employees. Appropriate retirement plans have also been negotiated with the various unions to cover union employees. The Company also has an Employees' Thrift Investment Plan under which the Company matches a portion of employees' investment in the plan. Company contributions are, in all cases, invested in Agway securities, while employee contributions may be invested in a choice of four different funds. The Company also provides, on a contributory basis, a comprehensive plan of health insurance, group life insurance, and weekly and long-term disability insurance for its employees. REGULATION The Food and Drug Administration's regulatory powers are applied throughout the agricultural industry and many of Agway's products are subject to these regulations. The Company believes its business, as currently conducted, is not adversely affected by present Food and Drug Administration laws and regulations. (See Item 3, "Legal Proceedings.") The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to various laws and governmental regulations concerning employee health, product safety, and environmental matters. It can be anticipated that increasingly stringent requirements will be imposed upon the Company and the chemical and petroleum distribution industries in general. Examples of federal environmental legislation administered by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) are the Toxic Substances Control Act; the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act; the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act; the Clean Air Act; the Safe Drinking Water Act; the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (Superfund); and the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act (SARA). The Company is also subject to regulations of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) concerning employee safety and health matters. Under these and other statutes, the EPA, OSHA and other federal agencies have the authority to promulgate regulations which result in expenditures for pollution control, reduction of chemical exposure, waste treatment and disposal, and plant modification. These regulations might also result in discontinuance of certain products and operations. The Company is negotiating with various government agencies concerning Superfund cleanup sites. In addition to these federal activities, various states have been delegated certain authority under the aforementioned federal statues. These delegations of authority generally involve permit issuance and compliance with the statutes. Many states have adopted or are in the process of adopting environmental, product safety, and health laws and regulations, some of which may be more burdensome than similar federal requirements. The state environmental legislation administered by state agencies includes laws for regulating air, surface and ground water, occupational safety, solid waste, and hazardous substances cleanup. (See Item 3, "Legal Proceedings" and Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Environmental Issues.") As part of its long-term environmental protection program, the Company spent approximately $5 million in fiscal 1994 on capital projects. The Company estimates that during fiscal 1995 and 1996 approximately $4 million per year will be spent on additional capital projects for environmental protection. These estimates recognize the additional capital required to comply with EPA Underground Storage Tank (UST) Regulations which become effective in December 1998. Presently, the total cost to comply with the EPA UST Regulations is estimated to be approximately $5 million. The total capital requirements may change due to the actual number of USTs actively in use on the effective date. 11 Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties - Continued ADMINISTRATIVE The Company's principal administrative office is located at 333 Butternut Drive in DeWitt, New York. Under terms of a 40-year lease, it occupies an office building consisting of a six-story section and a two-story wing, containing a gross area of approximately 190,000 square feet. In addition, the Company leases administrative office space with an area of approximately 200,000 square feet. STOCKHOLDER MEMBERSHIP AND CONTROL OF AGWAY The membership of Agway consists of farmers or cooperative organizations of farmers who are record holders of one share of Membership Common Stock of Agway and who purchase farm supplies or farm services or market farm products through Agway or franchised representatives. Present membership is approximately 90,000 farmers. Only members of the Company and certain contract patrons are eligible to receive patronage refunds. (See "Patronage Refunds.") Members are eligible to attend membership meetings and to participate in the selection of member committees. In addition, only members may be elected to the Agway Council or to the Board of Directors of the Company (each of the foregoing are described below). Only members, by reason of their ownership of Membership Common Stock of the Company, are entitled to vote at meetings of the stockholders. The Company has presently outstanding two classes of capital stock, preferred and common. The series of preferred stock are: 6% Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A ($100 par value); 8% Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B ($100 par value); 8% Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B-1 ($100 par value); and 7% Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C ($100 par value) owned both by members of Agway and the general public. The Honorary Member Preferred Stock, Series HM ($25 par value), is held only by former Agway members. The Membership Common Stock ($25 par value) is held only by active farmers who are patrons of Agway. The incidents of ownership of Membership Common Stock in Agway differ considerably from those of common stock ownership in the usual business corporation. The Membership Common Stock may be purchased only by persons entitled to membership in the Company. Only farmers and cooperative organizations of farmers who purchase farm supplies or services or market farm products through Agway may be members. By reason of the fact that the Company functions as an agricultural cooperative, its Membership Common Stock primarily serves the purpose of evidencing membership in the Company rather than of evidencing an equity interest in the Company. The equity claim of Membership Common stockholders to the assets of Agway is measured by, and restricted to, the $25 par value of the share, plus dividends declared and unpaid, if any, for the current year. Except for the dividends, limited to 8% of the par value of Membership Common Stock, which may be declared in any one year and the capital invested as represented by the par value of such shares, the residual equities in the net assets of Agway (Retained Margin) are held for the benefit of past and present member-patrons of the Company which include the patrons of predecessor and certain acquired corporations. Such Retained Margin as was allocable to their respective patrons on the books of Eastern States Farmers' Exchange, Incorporated and Cooperative Grange League Federation Exchange, Inc. as of June 30, 1964, Pennsylvania Farm Bureau Cooperative Association and its affiliates as of May 31, 1965, and other cooperatives acquired by Agway, has been assumed by and retains its status in Agway by virtue of the mergers and acquisitions at that time. The Company maintains records of purchases by past and present Agway member-patrons of Agway products. No Agway member is entitled to a distribution of assets with respect to Retained Margin prior to the dissolution of the Company. In the event of dissolution of the Company and after payment in full of all debts and any amounts to which holders of preferred stock, revolving fund certificates, and common stock are entitled, pursuant to the provisions of the By-laws of the Company, the Retained Margin will be distributed proportionately among the Agway member-patrons in accordance with their interests as reflected on the books of the Company and the books of predecessor and certain acquired corporations. 12 Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties - Continued STOCKHOLDER MEMBERSHIP AND CONTROL OF AGWAY (continued) The control of the affairs and business of Agway is vested in its Board of Directors. All shareholder actions, except as otherwise provided by law, including the election of directors, are determined by the vote of Agway stockholder-members present by proxy or in person at the annual meeting (or special meetings) of stockholders. The Board of Directors numbers 18 persons, all of whom are nominated on a district representation basis by 96 Agway Member Committees. Each year, six directors are nominated on a district representation basis by Agway Member Committees representing members within the district. At each annual meeting of the corporation, the stockholders elect six directors to fill the vacancies resulting from the expiration of the terms of district directors and each director so elected holds office for a term of three years. Although the directors are nominated on a district representation basis by Agway Member Committees, the persons so nominated are elected by the vote of all members. The Agway Council consists of the chairperson of each Agway Member Committee and one other committee member appointed annually by the chairperson. Being elected chairperson of one of these committees automatically places a person on the Council and removal as chairperson automatically removes him/her from the Council. The Council meets formally with the Agway Board annually and serves as liaison between the Agway Board, Agway management, and the chairperson's committee. The objective of the Agway Council is to improve member communications and to increase the effectiveness of the committees. PATRONAGE REFUNDS (The term "purchasing," as referred to herein refers to the buying of Agway farm supplies by Agway members and contract patrons.) The By-laws of the Company provide that members and so-called "contract patrons" shall be paid, after the close of each fiscal year, patronage refunds in cash in an amount equal to realized net margin of the Company (computed on a tax accounting basis) derived from sales of farm supplies for the fiscal year after deduction of (a) such reasonable reserves as the Board of Directors may determine to be necessary for operating purposes and (b) amounts paid or set aside for payments as dividends on issued and outstanding stock of the Company, provided that the total of such refunds paid shall not exceed the total net margin attributable to purchasing business conducted with such members and contract patrons during the fiscal year. Each member and contract patron shares the total patronage refunds in the proportion which his/her purchases of farm supplies from the Company for the year involved bears to the total farm supply business transacted with all such members and contract patrons in such year. No patronage refunds are payable with respect to marketing business done through Agway except on a contract basis. Pursuant to the Company's By-laws, the Board of Directors has authorized the Company to enter into patronage refund contracts with the following contract patrons: certain departments or agencies of state governments and political subdivisions; the Federal Government; and charitable, religious, and educational institutions engaged in the production or utilization of agricultural products. The business done with such contract patrons represents approximately 1% of the Company's annual sales volume. Members of Agway are entitled to patronage refunds on purchasing business transacted directly with the Company as well as business transacted through Agway representatives. 13 Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties - Continued PATRONAGE REFUNDS (continued) Retained Margin: All net margin (gross receipts reduced by all operating expenses) of the Company remaining after provision for payment of applicable income taxes, payment of dividends on issued and outstanding stock of the Company, payment of patronage refunds from purchasing activities, as well as all net margin from the business activities of predecessors in interest to the Company retained as reasonable reserves, represent the Retained Margin of the Company. Such Retained Margin consists of: (1) That portion of member margin (net margin derived from purchasing business with members) undistributed to member-patrons. (2) Residual net margin attributable to nonmember patron business and to marketing operations. (3) All other income, including dividends and interest from investments. Item 3. Legal Proceedings The Company and its subsidiaries are not involved in any material pending legal proceedings other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business except the following: In March 1987, Benjamin Farber filed a third party complaint in the U.S. District Court, District of New Jersey, against certain parties formerly connected with an industrial site in South Kearny, New Jersey. The United States of America, on behalf of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), filed a complaint under the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA) against Mr. Farber seeking reimbursement for engineering studies, clean up costs, and future remedial work in connection with alleged contamination of the South Kearny property. Mr. Farber's action against Agway and others seeks contribution from Agway and others. Agway, a former owner of the South Kearny property, sold its remaining interest in 1966. Agway has executed a consent decree with the EPA which should resolve Mr. Farber's claims against Agway and potential claims by the EPA against Agway. According to the consent decree, Agway's contribution to the contamination of the South Kearny property, if any, was de minimis and Agway agreed to pay the EPA a $300,000 settlement. The consent decree should be entered by the Court in the near future. The New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection (NJDEP) has also demanded the clean up of the site. Agway believes the pending lawsuit and the claim by the NJDEP will be satisfactorily resolved and any adjustments will not be material in relation to the consolidated financial position of Agway. In February 1988, Agway leased a feed mill located in Woodridge, New York from Inter-County Farmers Cooperative Association, Inc. Agway manufactured horse, poultry, and dairy feed at the feed mill. In early July 1989, due to a mechanical malfunction, some horse feed manufactured at the feed mill was contaminated with Monensin, a feed medication used with poultry and dairy feed but which is harmful to horses. Agway immediately recalled the contaminated horse feed and contacted regulatory agencies, including the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA). As a result of eating the contaminated horse feed, a number of horses located in the State of New Jersey died or were damaged. As of June 30, 1994, all but one of the claims made by owners of the affected horses have been settled. The pending lawsuit is John Kolkowski, et al. v. Agway Inc., et al., filed on July 3, 1990 in Supreme Court of the State of New York for Westchester County. The lawsuit includes claims for money damages. On June 17, 1994, a previously pending lawsuit by a horse owner against Agway, Orlando R. Petrocelli v. Agway Inc., et al., filed on August 5, 1991 in the Superior Court of New Jersey for Mercer County, was settled. Agway agreed to pay Orlando R. Petrocelli $24,500, which was covered by an insurance policy issued to Agway. The FDA conducted an investigation of the incident and referred the matter to the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) to consider institution of criminal proceedings. Agway has had an opportunity to present its views to the DOJ on why criminal proceedings should not be instituted and the DOJ and FDA discussed with Agway resolution of issues resulting from the FDA investigation. Agway believes the pending lawsuit and the FDA investigation will be satisfactorily resolved and any adjustments will not be material in relation to the consolidated financial position of Agway. 14 Item 3. Legal Proceedings - Continued In June 1990, the State of New York (NYS) commenced a lawsuit in the New York State Supreme Court for Albany County against Agway Petroleum Corporation, Speedsville Volunteer Fire Department, and other defendants alleging they are strictly and jointly and severally liable for $157,731 in cleanup and removal costs incurred by the New York Environmental Protection and Spill Compensation Fund and $200,000 in statutory penalties pursuant to the New York State Navigation Law. NYS alleges that a gasoline storage system located on property of the Speedsville Volunteer Fire Department discharged gasoline which was detected in a nearby residential well. NYS also alleges that the owners of the gasoline storage system included Agway Petroleum Corporation and Speedsville Volunteer Fire Department. Because Agway Petroleum Corporation believes that at no time did it own the gasoline storage system and its gasoline did not contribute to the contamination, Agway Petroleum Corporation denies NYS's allegations and believes the relief sought by NYS against Agway Petroleum Corporation is unjustified. Therefore, Agway Petroleum Corporation intends to contest the allegations in the lawsuit. In November 1991, Agway Petroleum Corporation (APC) notified the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) that APC had recently discovered that certain forms that APC's facilities are required to file under the Emergency Planning and Community Right-To-Know Act (EPCRA) may not have been filed on time. In August 1994, the EPA filed an Administrative Complaint against APC for violations of EPCRA alleging penalties in the amount of $1,926,600. APC believes the relief sought by the EPA is unjustified and has requested a hearing to contest the allegations in the Administrative Complaint. In addition, APC is continuing ongoing settlement discussions with the EPA to attempt to resolve this matter. In August 1994, the EPA notified Motor Transportation Services, Inc. (MTS), an inactive indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Agway, that the EPA has reason to believe that MTS is a potentially responsible party (PRP) under CERCLA at the Rosen Site, Cortland, New York. The EPA requested that MTS and other PRPs participate in the ongoing Remedial Investigation/Feasibility Study (RI/FS) for the Rosen Site. MTS believes that its involvement at the Rosen Site, if any, is minimal and will respond appropriately to the EPA's request. In a related matter, other PRPs at the Rosen Site, Cooper Industries, Inc., et al., filed a complaint under CERCLA against Agway, MTS and other alleged PRPs at the Rosen Site in the U. S. District Court, Northern District of New York in June 1992 seeking reimbursement for the cost of the ongoing RI/FS. Agway and MTS believe the relief sought by Cooper Industries, Inc., el al. is unjustified and are contesting the allegations in the lawsuit. Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders There were no items submitted to a vote of security holders for the three months ended June 30, 1994. 15 PART II Item 5. Market For the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters (a) Principal Market There is no market for the equity securities of the Company other than through its current practice of repurchasing outstanding securities at par ($25) whenever registered holders thereof elect to tender them for redemption. (b) Approximate Numbers of Holders of Common Stock The number of holders of record of the Company's Common Stock, as of September 7, 1994, is 110,854, of which 20,463 shares have been called for those holders no longer meeting the membership eligibility requirements as identified in Section 2.1(a) in the By-Laws of Agway Inc. (c) Dividends Paid An annual 6% dividend, or $1.50 per share, was paid on the Company's Common Stock in fiscal 1994 and fiscal 1993. (d) Limitations on Ownership and Availability of Net Margin to Membership Common Stockholders Refer to Items 1 and 2, "Business and Properties" sections on "Stockholder Membership and Control of Agway" and "Patronage Refunds." Item 6. Selected Financial Data The following "Selected Financial Data" of the Company and Consolidated Subsidiaries has been derived from financial statements audited by Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P., whose reports for the periods ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992 are included elsewhere in the 10-K, and should be read in conjunction with the full financial statements of the Company and Notes thereto included under Item 8. (1) Certain amounts reported in fiscal years ended June 30, 1991-1993 have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. (2) 1994 data reflects the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 106, "Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions." See Note 13 to the financial statements. (3) 1992 data reflects a $75,000 pre-tax charge for business restructuring; 1994 data reflects a $6,065 pre-tax credit from business restructuring. See Note 3 to the financial statements. 16 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Thousands of Dollars) The following discussion refers to Agway Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries and should be read in conjunction with "Selected Financial Data," "Segment Reporting," (reference is made to Note 14 to the financial statements), "Discontinued Operations" (reference is made to Note 17 to the financial statements) and the Financial Statements of the Company and Notes thereto. The purpose of this discussion is to outline the most significant factors having an impact upon the results of operations, the liquidity and the capital resources of the Company for fiscal years ended June 30, 1992 through June 30, 1994. RESTRUCTURING OF OPERATIONS The operations of the Company are conducted directly and through its subsidiaries and affiliates under the Agriculture & Consumer, Energy, and Financial Services Groups described below. In 1992, the Company initiated Customer Driven: 1995...Focusing on the 21st Century (the "Project") to restructure the Company to better focus on its members and customers and to re-engineer the Company's business processes to improve future profitability. These restructuring measures included a reduction in personnel; plants; stores; and adjustments to net realizable values of certain assets which were disposed; and resulted in a pre-tax restructuring charge of $75 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 1992, the amount estimated at that time to be necessary to accomplish Project goals. Project initiatives for the Agriculture & Consumer Group were primarily focused on transferring the marketing, sales, and related operating assets of agricultural products, previously conducted through retail operations, to agricultural hubs and dedicated customer service centers. These initiatives, designed to facilitate customer order entry and improve customer service, were implemented over the period from October 1992 through October 1993 and have increased the cost of operations during the course of their implementation. An additional initiative focused on merging 53 local store cooperatives into Agway, which was substantially completed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 1993, to provide strategic positioning in the marketplace. This initiative had the effect of incrementally increasing sales, gross margins and expenses in fiscal 1994 over preceding periods. Finally, the Agriculture & Consumer Group closed, consolidated and/or converted various facilities to focus assets and capital into selected markets and to eliminate duplication. For the Energy Group, Project initiatives were primarily divestitures of retail locations in an effort to focus assets and capital in selected markets. In addition, sales to commercial accounts were refocused away from price-oriented accounts to service-oriented accounts. Other initiatives included personnel reductions through an early retirement program and changes in work practices, as well as a reduction in selected corporate assets through sale and/or disposal of excess assets. During the two years ended June 30, 1994, the Company has implemented a substantial portion of its original 1992 restructuring plans with modifications, revisions and refinement as determined to be appropriate during this detail implementation period. The more significant revisions related to retention of certain locations originally targeted for divestiture reducing estimated disposal costs by approximately $8,400, and excess personnel and equipment relocation costs of approximately $6,200. These reductions were partially offset by additional corporate costs, principally outside consulting fees, of $6,800; severance and other costs in connection with personnel reductions of $1,500; and other miscellaneous costs of $200. As of June 30, 1994, the Company estimates that $19,300 of remaining reserves are required to complete the Project initiatives relating principally to the demolition and divestiture of selected properties and related costs. With a substantial number of the initiatives completed, the Company now estimates the total cost of the Project will be $6.1 million less than the initial $75 million. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 1994, therefore, excess accruals of $6.1 million were credited to operating earnings. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS On March 23, 1993, the Agway Board of Directors authorized management to sell the Company's interest in Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. (Curtice Burns) and H. P. Hood Inc. (Hood). Management and the Board had specific plans for the divestiture of these operations and expected to divest of both investments in fiscal 1994; however, due to unanticipated occurrences, neither transaction was consummated by June 30, 1994. Management and the Board continue to execute their plans for sale and expect to consummate the transactions 17 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Continued (Thousands of Dollars) within the next fiscal year. Accordingly, these operations are reflected as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Agway's decision to sell these operations is part of the overall strategic plan of focusing on its agriculture, consumer, energy, insurance, and leasing businesses. At June 30, 1994, a $4,000 loss on the disposal of both com- panies was recognized as a result of recent developments regarding the anticipated terms of the sales transactions. This loss recognizes changes in the estimate of the net selling price anticipated on the sale of Curtice Burns as a result of a competitive bidding process and on the anticipated sale of Hood due to the downturn in the Northeast dairy market and the impact on Hood's operating results. Other additional factors are the changes in estimates of the related transaction costs and estimates in operating results during the estimated holding periods. Actual results of discontinued operations for fiscal 1994 were a loss of $8,400. Actual results through the originally planned disposal dates of an $800 loss differed from the $5,500 estimated income principally due to a significant downturn in the Northeast dairy market which adversely impacted Hood's operating results. This downturn, which continues, and the development of contractual disputes between Curtice Burns and Pro-Fac Cooperative Inc. (Pro-Fac) affecting the bidding process for the sale of Curtice Burns are the principal reasons which delayed the disposal process and caused the Company to re- evaluate its planned disposal dates into fiscal 1995. (See Note 17 to the financial statements). Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. With respect to Curtice Burns, at its meeting held on August 9 and 10 of 1993, the Curtice Burns Board of Directors authorized its management, with advice of financial and legal advisors, to pursue strategic alternatives for Curtice Burns. The three viable alternatives that the Company pursued included (i) the possible sale of all of Curtice Burns' equity to a third party, (ii) negotiation with Pro-Fac relative to Pro-Fac acquiring control of Curtice Burns, and (iii) the implementation of additional restructuring actions that may include recapitalizing Curtice Burns to terminate an agreement (the "Integrated Agreement) and buy out Pro-Fac. Under the Integrated Agreement with Pro-Fac, title to substantially all of Curtice Burns' fixed assets is held by Pro-Fac, and Pro-Fac provides a major portion of the financing of Curtice Burns' operations. Under the Integrated Agreement, Curtice Burns has an option to terminate the Integrated Agreement and to purchase these assets from Pro-Fac at their book value at the time of purchase. In addition, in the event of such a termination, Curtice Burns would be required to repay all of the debt owed to Pro-Fac. As Curtice Burns has pursued its alternatives, Pro- Fac has made it clear that in connection with the possibility that Curtice Burns, or a third party buyer of Curtice Burns, may decide to exercise the Integrated Agreement's termination option, Pro-Fac intends to dispute Curtice Burns' right to terminate and the amount Pro-Fac is to receive as the result of termination. From May through July 1993, Agway, Curtice Burns and Pro-Fac preliminarily discussed possible acquisition proposals involving Pro- Fac, although no acceptable progress was made. From August 1993 through December 1993, the strategic alternatives described above were evaluated and the Board of Directors of Curtice Burns concluded that it was in the best interest of all stockholders to invite interested buyers to bid for Curtice Burns, rather than pursuing a recapitalization of Curtice Burns to buy out Pro-Fac. In November 1993, Curtice Burns retained Goldman, Sachs & Co. and Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette as financial advisors in connection with the sale of Curtice Burns. At that time, Agway agreed not to seek a separate sale of its Curtice Burns shares while the sale of the Curtice Burns was in progress. In the quarter ended March 1994, Curtice Burns, along with its financial advisors, made a request for proposals from qualified bidders. On June 8, 1994, Pro-Fac submitted a bid for $16.87 per share; however, the Curtice Burns Board of Directors voted to pursue a proposal from Dean Foods Company (Dean Foods) to acquire all the outstanding shares of common stock of Curtice Burns at a maximum cash price of $20 per share, subject to a number of contingencies, including an agreement with Pro-Fac covering the termination of the Integrated Agreement, an agreement with Hormel Foods Corporation for the purchase of the Nalley's Fine Foods division of Curtice Burns, clearance of the transaction by appropriate government agencies, negotiation of definitive agreements and approval of any transaction by Curtice Burns' shareholders. 18 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Continued (Thousands of Dollars) DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (continued) Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. (continued) As a result of Pro-Fac's unwillingness to enter into the agreement required by Dean Foods, on July 11, 1994, Curtice Burns commenced arbitration proceedings against Pro-Fac under the Integrated Agreement. On August 3, 1994, Pro-Fac responded to Curtice Burns' claims and served the Company with counterclaims in the arbitration proceedings. On August 4, 1994, Pro-Fac submitted a proposal for acquisition of all the outstanding stock of Curtice Burns for $19.00 per share in cash, and upon acceptance of the offer, Pro-Fac would relinquish its claims against Curtice Burns. The contingencies of this Pro-Fac offer involve shareholder approval and financing. On September 2, 1994, Pro-Fac submitted a revised proposal to acquire all the outstanding shares for $19 per share, in cash; Pro-Fac stated that the proposal had been approved by its members, but that its offer remained subject to financing, including the sale of high- yield subordinated debt. As of the date hereof, both Pro-Fac and Dean Foods have indicated a continued interest in acquiring Curtice Burns and the Curtice Burns Board of Directors is actively considering proposals from Pro-Fac and Dean Foods. As a result, Agway expects the sale of Agway's interests in Curtice Burns within this fiscal year, though the complications brought on by the disputes with Pro-Fac have delayed this sale to date and may further extend the process. H. P. Hood Inc. Agway had expected to consummate its sale of Hood by Decem- ber 1993 to an investor group led by the management of Hood in a transaction expected to involve the use of an employee stock ownership plan. Financing for the investor group was delayed in December 1993, and the make-up of the investor group was reconstituted by February 1994. A downturn in the Northeast dairy market adversely impacted Hood operating results starting in November 1993 and caused a reassessment of the terms of sale and terms for the various members of the investor group, further delaying the transaction. The adverse operating results continued through year-end, causing further delay, while Hood management developed financial plans to deal with the marketplace change. The investment group is still intact and interested in the acquisition of Hood based on terms being negotiated that are consistent with the current market conditions and financial plans for Hood. A transaction is expected to consummate within this next fiscal year. Hood has restrictive financial covenants related to financing arrangements. As of June 30, 1994, Hood was in violation of certain of these covenants and has obtained amendments or waivers for all violations. In connection with ongoing financing of Hood, in Septem- ber 1994 Agway agreed to guarantee an additional $10,000 of debt facilities of Hood until the sale of the operation is consummated. The financial impact of the planned divestitures is discussed in more detail in Note 17 of the accompanying financial statements. 19 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Continued (Thousands of Dollars) RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussions relate solely to the Company's continuing operations. Operating Summary Consolidated net sales and revenues decreased $25,600 (1.5%) in fiscal 1994 and $95,100 (5.2%) in fiscal 1993. The decrease in fiscal 1994 was principally due to decreased revenues in the Energy Group, offset in part by increases in the Company's Agriculture & Consumer Group. In fiscal 1993, consolidated net sales and revenues declined principally due to decreased revenues from the Energy Group. The Energy Group revenue decreases in 1994 of $82,100 and in 1993 of $92,900 were primarily associated with planned divestitures of retail locations and a refocus away from price-oriented commercial accounts to service-oriented business. The $60,800 sales increase in fiscal 1994 from the Agriculture & Consumer Group reflects approximately $46,900 from the full-year operation of the store corporations, which were acquired primarily in the fourth quarter of 1993 and the fir  st quarter of fiscal 1994. Consolidated operating costs and expenses in fiscal 1994, 1993 and 1992 were $1,668,000, $1,679,000 and $1,851,800, respectively, representing a decrease over the prior year of $11,000 (.7%) in 1994 and a decrease of $172,800 (9.3%) in 1993. Operating costs and expenses were favorably impacted by a restructuring credit of $6,100 in fiscal 1994 and adversely impacted by a restructuring charge of $75,000 in fiscal 1992. Without regard to the restructuring cred- it/charge, total operating expenses as a percent of total net sales and revenues were 98.8%, 97.6% and 97.9%, respectively, in fiscal 1994, 1993 and 1992. In fiscal 1994, selling, general and administrative costs increased by $17,500 (12.7%) as the Agriculture & Consumer Group incurred increased costs to administer the newly acquired store corporations and additional costs in connection with the marketing, selling and operating practices of the newly segregated agriculture and consumer retail groups. Interest expense, net of interest income and amounts allocated to discontinued operations (see Note 1), in fiscal 1994, 1993 and 1992 was $27,800, $27,300 and $26,800, respectively, and remained relatively constant as increased average borrowings were offset by lower interest rates in fiscal 1994 and 1993. Other income in fiscal 1994, 1993 and 1992 was $5,700, $4,600 and $12,300, respectively. In fiscal 1993, other income was adversely impacted by a loss on disposal of property and equipment of $1,200. Fiscal 1992 other income was favorably impacted by a non-recurring $7,300 receipt of a defined payout component from the 1988 sale of Texas City Refining Inc.'s refining operations. Pre-tax margins (loss) from continuing operations were $4,900, $18,800 and $(50,500) in fiscal 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. The decrease in pre-tax margins in fiscal 1994 resulted primarily from an operating loss incurred by the Company's Agriculture & Consumer Group which was offset, in part, by improved operating results from the Energy Group. Fiscal 1993 pre-tax margins of $18,800 increased $1,700 (9.8%) over 1992 results before non-recurring restructuring charges of $75,000 and the receipt of $7,300 related to the deferred payout component from the sale of Texas City Refining Inc. Income tax expense (benefit) was $4,200, $(6,900) and $(6,000) in fiscal 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively, for an effective rate of 85.8%, (36.7%) and 11.8%. In fiscal 1994, the effective rate was adversely impacted by state income taxes, as the Company does not file combined returns for many of its subsidiaries. Therefore, for state income tax purposes, the Company was unable to recognize the benefit of operating losses from certain subsidiaries to offset state tax on income from other operations. The 1993 benefit was principally the result of an adjustment of a prior year tax accrual no longer deemed necessary and the reversal of a $6,400 deferred tax asset valuation allowance established in 1992. The reversal of the valuation allowance is due to a change in circumstances attributable to future taxable income from the sale of discontinued subsidiary investments. 20 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Continued (Thousands of Dollars) RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued) Agriculture & Consumer Group Project initiatives for the Agriculture & Consumer Group were primarily focused on transferring the marketing, sales and related operating assets of agricultural products, previously conducted through retail operations, to agricultural hubs and dedicated customer service centers. This transition was completed in fiscal 1993 in New England and Pennsylvania and was completed in New York in the first half of fiscal 1994. An additional initiative focused on merging 53 local store cooperatives into Agway, which was substantially completed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 1993, which increased sales, gross margins and expenses. In addition to completing the New York transition, the fiscal 1994 initiatives for the Group centered around designing and, to some degree, implementing the streamlining of operating and administrative processes through reviews of supply chain management, product category management, and warehousing systems; closing, consolidat- ing, or converting facilities to focus assets and capital in selected markets and eliminate duplication; and sales enhancement through customer service and quality reviews. Total net sales and revenues for the Agriculture & Consumer Group were $1,071,700, $1,010,900 and $1,002,100 for fiscal years 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. Net sales and revenues increased 6.0% in fiscal 1994 due to the acquisition of 53 store corporations, primarily in the fourth quarter of fiscal 1993, which incrementally increased sales, gross margins and expenses over the preceding year; and to volume and price increases in the Group's Country Foods business unit. Total net sales and revenues for the Group's agriculture business remained relatively constant with the prior year. Gross margins for the Group declined slightly in fiscal 1994 due to competi- tive market conditions in the Group's northeast service area. Total net sales and revenues for fiscal 1993 increased $8,800 (.9%) from 1992 revenues. Feed revenues and tonnage in the Agriculture unit increased as customers responded positively to the new Agriculture hub Project strategy put into effect in fiscal 1993. Seed revenues dropped due to the sale of two seed subsidiaries in fiscal 1993. Consumer Retail/Wholesale revenues increased for farm and animal health products and yard and garden supplies. In addition, retail sales were increased due to the mergers of 46 local cooperatives into Agway, partially offset by decreases from the closure of nine store facilities. Country Foods sales improved over 1992 primarily due to favorable results in the Florida potato repack operations. The Agriculture & Consumer Group incurred an operating loss of $7,100 in fiscal 1994 ($11,800, excluding a restructuring credit of $4,700) as compared to an operating profit of $13,400 in fiscal 1993 and an operating loss of $29,500 ($13,200 profit, excluding a restruc- turing charge of $42,700) in fiscal 1992. The change in operating results from 1993 to 1994 reflects the decline in gross margin, increases in costs due to inflationary increases, plus increases incurred on transferring the marketing, sales, and related operating assets of agricultural products, previously conducted through retail operations, to agricultural hubs and dedicated service centers. These changes to improve customer service have increased the costs of operations during the course of implementation. Operating margins of $13,400 for 1993 represent a slight improvement over the 1992 operating loss of $29,500 ($13,200 profit, excluding a restructuring charge of $42,700). Energy Group In fiscal 1993, divestitures of 19 locations were completed, and during fiscal 1994, divestitures of 4 retail locations were completed as part of the Project strategy to focus assets and capital in selected markets. In addition, refocusing of sales to commercial accounts away from price-oriented accounts to service-oriented businesses continued to occur. As expected, this continues to decrease sales volume but had a favorable impact on per unit gross margins realized. 21 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Continued (Thousands of Dollars) RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued) Energy Group (continued) Total net sales and revenues for fiscal 1994 of $556,000 decreased $82,100 (12.9%) as compared to fiscal 1993, primarily due to planned plant divestitures ($40,700) and reduced gas and diesel sales to low-margin, high-volume commercial customers. Heating oil and propane sales decreased $5,800 due to a volume increase of 1.2%, offset by a selling price decrease of 3.1%. In total, sales volume was down 29,800 gallons (4.8%) primarily for gas and diesel fuels, after accounting for divestitures, and the average price per unit was down 5.5 cents per gallon (7.9%), which decreased revenues by approximately $41,400. Total sales and revenues for fiscal 1993 of $638,200 decreased $92,900 (12.7%) as compared to fiscal 1992 due to planned divestitures ($35,700) and planned decreases in high-volume, low-margin commer- cial accounts. While the average selling price for propane decreased in 1993 compared to 1992 due to a change in customer mix, propane sales increased due to higher volumes, particularly to farmers for crop drying. In total, sales volumes were down 81,100 gallons (10.9%) primarily for gas, diesel, and heating oil, after accounting for divesti- tures. The average price per unit was up 2.2 cents per gallon (2.3%) which offset these volume decreases. Despite the unit volume and selling price declines, the Energy Group realized an improvement in operating margins of $18,300 ($4,800, excluding a restructuring credit of $13,500) in the 1994 fiscal year as compared to the previous fiscal year. Gross margins as a percentage of net sales and revenues increased by 1.3% in fiscal 1994 as compared to the prior fiscal year, and total costs and expenses for the Group declined in fiscal 1994 as a result of the above changes. Operating margin of $22,700 in fiscal 1993 increased by $10,500 as compared to $12,100 ($19,600, excluding a restructuring charge of $7,500) in fiscal 1992. The increase in operating margin before restructuring of $3,100 is due primarily to reductions in operating and distribution expense ($6,400) and increased gross margins from undivested operations ($2,100), offset by a reduction in gross margins of $9,400 in divested plants. Financial Services The Financial Services Group consists of Telmark, a leasing subsidiary; Agway Insurance, a property and casualty insurance subsidiary; and Agway General Agency, a subsidiary which markets accident and health insurance products and administers health insurance programs. Total net sales and revenues for fiscal 1994 decreased $4,300 (6.2%) to $65,800 as compared to the prior year. The decrease, primarily attributed to the Agway Insurance Company and the Agway General Agency, is generated by the termination of reinsurance assumed contracts of $1,400, increased reinsurance ceded treaties of $400, a decline of $1,000 in investment earnings, and a decline in administrative fees of $500 due to a declining base of participants in the Agway member group health insurance plan. In addition, Telmark revenues declined $500 as compared to fiscal 1993 due to the effect of portfolio sales in 1994 and 1993 and the effect of lower lease rates charged on new business in fiscal 1994. Total net sales and revenues for fiscal 1993 for the Financial Services Group declined $7,500 (9.7%) as compared to fiscal 1992. The decline was attributed to a decrease in Telmark revenues of $3,700 due to reduced revenue streams resulting from portfolio sales, which was partially offset by slight volume growth, and a decrease of $3,800 in property and casualty insurance revenues due to reductions in investment income and administrative fees. 22 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Continued (Thousands of Dollars) RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued) Financial Services (continued) In fiscal 1994, operating margins for the Group declined $700 (5.9%) as compared to the prior year. The decrease is primarily attributed to Telmark due to a lower gain on portfolio sale in 1994 of $500 versus a 1993 gain of $1,200. The Agway Insurance Company revenue decline from the reinsurance termination was offset by an equal reduction in costs and expenses with no impact on operating margin. In fiscal 1993, operating margins for the Group improved $3,900 (55.5%) as compared to fiscal 1992. Although revenues decreased for the insurance operations, expenses were controlled accordingly, resulting in only a small deterioration in operating margins. Telmark's margins improved due primarily to a reduction in its bad debt expense from $12,600 in 1992 to $4,700 in 1993, offset by somewhat smaller gains on sale of its lease portfolio, the reduced revenue stream from the 1992 portfolio sale, and lower than historical interest spreads on its current year leasing activities due to tighter competition. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Cash Flows Cash flows from operating activities for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994 increased by $1,200 to $16,600. This increase was caused primarily by an increase in cash flows associated with operating assets and liabilities, offset by a decline in operating margin of $23,100 in fiscal 1994 as compared to 1993. Net cash utilized in investing activities increased to $70,800 from $5,000 in fiscal 1993. This increase resulted from an increase in net leasing activity of $43,500 combined with a reduction in proceeds from property, plant and equipment disposals of $16,400 as compared to the prior year. As a result of cash utilized in investing activities, net long-term borrowings increased $64,500 while short-term borrowings declined by $7,800. Increased short-term borrowings in the prior year of $23,100 resulted from a decrease in long-term borrowings of $17,200 combined with a redemption of $12,500 of capital stock issued in connection with an acquisition in a prior year. The Company is committed to continue to streamline operations and introduce new technology to meet the needs of its customers and the challenges of operating a more cost-effective and efficient company in the future. In the next two fiscal years, the Company expects to spend approximately $22 million to design and implement new processes and information systems. The Company expects to benefit from these changes through reduced personnel expenses, lower levels of operating assets through a more effective method of handling products and services, and the elimination of overhead costs through the use of integrated systems. In October 1994, $34,500 of subordinated debt issued by the Company matures. The Company expects to either refinance this debt through a new issue of subordinated debt, fund it through short-term bank borrowings, or a combination of both. Other current maturities of long-term debt, which relate principally to leasing operations, will be funded through a combination of cash from operations, bank or insurance company borrowings, or the issuance of public debentures. The Company anticipates that cash flow from the sale of discon- tinued operations will be used to reduce short-term indebtedness. Debt The Company finances its operations and the operations of all its continuing businesses and subsidiaries, except Telmark and Agway Insurance Company, through Agway Financial Corporation (AFC). Telmark and Agway Insurance Company finance themselves through operations or direct borrowing arrangements. Each business unit is financed with a combination of short- and long-term credit facilities as appropriate. External sources of short-term financing for Agway and all its continuing operations include revolving credit lines, letters of credit, and commercial paper programs. Sources of longer-term financing include borrowings from banks and insurance 23 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Continued (Thousands of Dollars) LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (continued) Debt (continued) companies, subordinated debt, and capital leases. In addition, Telmark has occasionally sold blocks of its lease portfolio. On February 1, 1994, Telmark's registration of its offering to the public of $25,000 of debentures, due December 31, 1997, with the Securities & Exchange Commission became effective. The debentures are unsecured, subordinated to all senior debt at Telmark, and are not guaranteed by Agway nor any of Agway's other subsidiaries. The offering of the debentures are not underwritten, and there can be no guarantee as to the amount of debentures to be sold. The proceeds of the offering will be used to provide financing for Telmark's leasing activities. As of June 30, 1994, approximately $3,700 of debentures were sold. In fiscal 1994, the Company renegotiated and renewed certain of its bank loan agreements through October 28, 1994. Adequate lines of credit of $149,250 were available to the Company as of June 30, 1994 under the new agreements as compared to lines of credit of $158,000 in the prior agreements. This includes retention of a commercial paper facility of $50,000. Subsequent to June 30, 1994, certain of AFC's credit lines were no longer available such that, at September 1, 1994, total Company short-term credit availability is $128,000, which is adequate to meet the Company's immediate needs. Certain of these agreements, upon the occurrence of certain defined events, give the lenders the right to perfect a security interest in certain of the Company's accounts receivables and non-petroleum inventories. Amounts which can be drawn under these agreements are limited to a specific calculation based upon the total of these certain accounts receivable and non-petroleum inventories ("collateral"). Adequate collateral has existed throughout the fiscal year to meet the ongoing needs of the Company. In addition, the agreements include certain covenants, the most restrictive of which requires to Company to maintain specific monthly levels of interest coverage and tangible net worth. In September 1994, waivers were obtained effective as of June 30, 1994 and covering through August 1994, and amendments were obtained for September and October 1994, for a specific covenant violation within AFC's ongoing short- term credit facilities. In addition, at June 30, 1994, a lien event occurred and the continuing banking institutions are in the process of perfecting a security interest in certain accounts receivable and non-petroleum inventories of the Company. Negotiations are expected to continue through October 1994, and it is management's expectation that appropriate credit facilities will be in place to meet the ongoing needs of the Company. Capital Expenditures Capital expenditures were $32,700, $28,800 and $35,200 in fiscal 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. Planned capital expenditures are focused on technological enhancements and continued upgrading of facilities and equipment in the next fiscal year. In the Company's existing agreements with its lenders, capital expenditures are limited to $45,000 on a rolling twelve-month basis. The Company is currently negotiating this requirement and believes it will have adequate funding to meet its requirements. The Company anticipates its capital needs will be provided from operating cash flow and supplemented from external borrowings as required. OTHER MATTERS Debt and Equity Securities The Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities," effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1993. SFAS No. 115 addresses the accounting and reporting for investments in equity securities that have readily determinable fair values and for all investments in debt securities. Management anticipates that the implementation of SFAS No. 115 will not have a material effect on the Company's results of operations and financial position. 24 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Continued (Thousands of Dollars) OTHER MATTERS (continued) Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions Effective July 1, 1993, the Company adopted SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions," which requires employers to accrue the cost of providing postretirement benefits other than pensions during the period employees are expected to earn the benefit. The Company is recognizing the related transition benefit obligation over 20 years. As a result of the adoption of SFAS No. 106, pre-tax income in fiscal 1994 was reduced by approximately $3,800. The change had no impact on cash flow. Environmental Issues The Company is subject to a number of governmental regulations concerning environmental matters, either directly, or as a result of the operations of its subsidiaries. Agway expects that it will be required to expend funds to remediate certain sites, including certain Superfund sites and sites with underground fuel storage tanks. In addition, Agway expects that it will incur other expenses associated with environmental compliance. The Company continually monitors its operations with respect to potential environmental issues, including changes in legally mandated standards and remediation technologies. Agway's recorded liability reflects those specific issues where remediation activities are currently deemed to be probable and where the cost of remediation is estimable. Estimates of the extent of the Company's degree of responsibility of a particular site and the method and ultimate cost of remediation require a number of assumptions for which the ultimate outcome may differ from current estimates; however, the Company believes that its past experience provides a reasonable basis for estimating its liability. As additional information becomes available, estimates are adjusted as necessary. While the Company does not anticipate that any such adjustment would be material to its financial statements, it is reasonably possible that the result of ongoing and/or future environmental studies or other factors could alter this expectation and require the recording of additional liabilities. The extent or amount of such events, if any, cannot be estimated at this time. Although settlement of the reserves will cause future cash outlays based upon current estimates, it is not expected that such outlays will materially impact the Company's liquidity position. As part of its long-term environmental protection program, the Company spent approximately $5 million in fiscal 1994 on capital projects. The Company estimates that during fiscal 1995 and 1996 approximately $4 million per year will be spent on additional capital projects for environmental protection. These estimates recognize the additional capital required to comply with EPA Underground Storage Tank (UST) regulations which become effective in December 1998. Presently, the total cost to comply with the EPA UST regulations is estimated to be approximately $5 million. The total capital require- ments may change due to the actual number of USTs actively in use on the effective date. 25 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Pages AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES: Report of Management. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26 Independent Accountants' reports. . . . . . . . . . . . . 27 Consolidated Balance Sheets, June 30, 1994 and 1993 . . . 30 Consolidated Statements of Operations, for the fiscal years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992. . . . . . . 31 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity, for the fiscal years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32 Consolidated Cash Flow Statements for the fiscal years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992 . . . . . . . . . . 33 Notes to Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure This item is inapplicable. 26 REPORT OF MANAGEMENT The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles by management of the Company. The integrity and objectivity of the data in these financial statements, including estimates and judgments, are the responsibility of management, as is all other information included in this annual report. The consolidated financial statements of Agway Inc. and Consoli- dated Subsidiaries have been audited by Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P., indepen- dent auditors, who relied on the opinions of Price Waterhouse L.L.P., independent auditors, as it relates to Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. and H. P. Hood Inc., both subsidiaries reflected as discontinued operations. Their reports follow. Management has made available to Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P. all of the Company's financial records and related data, as well as the minutes of directors' meetings. Furthermore, management believes that all representations made to Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P.during its audit were valid and appropriate. Management has established and maintains a system of internal accounting controls that provides reasonable assurance as to the integrity and reliability of the financial statements and that the Company's assets are safeguarded from unauthorized use or disposition. Management continually monitors the system of internal accounting controls for compliance and to assure that organizational arrangements provide an appropriate division of responsibility. The Budget & Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which consists of six directors who are not employees, meets periodically with management and the independent auditor to review the manner in which they are performing their responsibilities and to discuss auditing, internal accounting controls, and financial reporting matters. The independent auditor has free access to the Budget & Audit Committee. PETER J. O'NEILL DONALD P. CARDARELLI Senior Vice President Executive Vice President and Finance & Control Chief Operating Officer September 22, 1994 September 22, 1994 27 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS To the Board of Directors of Agway Inc.: We have audited the consolidated balance sheets of Agway Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries as of June 30, 1994 and 1993, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows for the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Com- pany's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We did not audit the financial statements of Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. or H. P. Hood Inc. for the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992, both presented as discontinued operations. Such statements (not presented separately herein) reflect total assets amounting to $611,214,000 and $656,174,000 at June 30, 1994 and 1993, respectively, and total revenues amounting to $1,322,119,000, $1,438,153,000 and $1,471,959,000 for the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. Those statements were audited by other auditors whose reports have been furnished to us, and our opinion, insofar as it relates to the amounts included for these subsidiaries prior to any adjustment to reflect the respective subsidiaries as discontinued operations, is based solely on the reports of the other auditors. We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits and the reports of other auditors provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, based on our audits and the reports of other auditors, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Agway Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries, as of June 30, 1994 and 1993 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992 in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. As discussed in Note 13 to the financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for postretirement benefits in fiscal 1994 by adopting Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits other Than Pensions." COOPERS & LYBRAND L.L.P. Syracuse, New York September 22, 1994 28 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of H. P. Hood Inc.: In our opinion, the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and the related Consolidated Statements of Operations and Retained Earnings (Deficit) and of Cash Flows (not presented separately herein) present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of H. P. Hood Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") at June 25, 1994 and June 26, 1993, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company changed its method for accounting for postretirement benefits in fiscal 1994 by adopting Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits other Than Pensions". Price Waterhouse LLP Boston, Massachusetts August 3, 1994, except as to Note 8, which is as of September 19, 1994. 29 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. In our opinion, the consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of income and retained earnings and cash flows (not presented separately herein) present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. and its subsidiaries at June 25, 1994 and June 26, 1993, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended June 25, 1994, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above. As discussed in Notes 2 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, several disputes currenly exist between the Pro-Fac Cooperative, Inc. and the Company. The Company has requested arbitration to resolve the disputes with Pro-Fac Cooperative, Inc. Additionally, two competing offers to acquire the outstanding common stock of the Company have been made. In connection with our examination of the consolidated financial statements mentioned above, we also examined the schedules (not presented separately herein) listed in the accompanying index of financial statement schedules. In our opinion, these financial statement schedules present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP Rochester, New York August 10, 1994 (except as to Note 3, which is as of September 22, 1994) 30 31 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 32 Authorized shares of common stock is 300,000 shares. Common shares, purchased at par value, held in treasury at June 30 were: 1994 - 59,639; 1993 - 58,260; 1992 - 56,768; 1991 - 55,521. A common stock dividend per share of $1.50 was declared for fiscal 1994, 1993 and 1992. Dividend payments are restricted to a maximum of 8% of par value, as governed by the Farm Credit Administration. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 33 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 34 AGWAY INC. and CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Thousands of Dollars) 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Fiscal Year The Company's fiscal year-end is on the last Saturday in June. Fiscal years ending June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992 were each comprised of 52 weeks. Consolidation All subsidiaries of continuing operations are wholly owned and are included in the consolidated financial statements and all significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Operations of Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. (Curtice Burns), which is 34% owned, and H. P. Hood Inc. (Hood), which is 99% owned, are presented as discontinued operations (see Note 17). The authorized capital of Curtice Burns consists of two classes of common shares, Class A and Class B, each with substantially identical rights, except for the right to elect a majority of directors which is restricted to the Class B shares. The Company's ownership interest includes 99% of the Class B shares outstanding. Cash and Equivalents The Company considers all investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The carrying amount reported in the balance sheet approximates fair value. Leases Receivable The Company's leasing operation (Telmark Inc.) finances buildings and equipment for Agway members and others. Leases are made on a precomputation basis (finance charges included in the face amounts of the notes). Finance charges are realized as income, utilizing the interest method over the terms of the leases. Inventories Inventories are priced at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined on the following bases: average; first- in, first-out; and last- in, first-out. Marketable Securities Long-term marketable securities, which relate entirely to the Company's insurance operations, are recorded in the consolidated financial statements as follows: bonds at amortized cost, preferred stocks and common stocks at market. Unrealized net capital gains or losses are credited or charged directly to retained margin, while the realized amounts are included in income. Other Security Investments Investments are stated at cost, which approximates market. Securities received as patronage refunds from various cooperatives are stated principally at estimated fair market value at time of receipt. Other Assets Other assets include approximately $12,100 and $13,300 at June 30, 1994 and 1993, respectively, of costs in excess of the fair value of net tangible assets acquired in purchase transactions (goodwill) as well as acquired non- competition agreements and trademarks. Goodwill and other intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over periods ranging from 1 to 40 years. Amortization from continuing operations totaled $2,838, $4,137 and $5,739 for fiscal years ending June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and amortization are charged to operations, principally on a straight-line basis, over the estimated useful lives of the properties and equipment, and over the term of the lease for capital leases. 35 AGWAY INC. and CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Thousands of Dollars) 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) Income Taxes The Company provides for income taxes in accor- dance with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes." Under the liability method specified by SFAS No. 109, deferred tax assets and liabilities are based on the difference between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities as measured by the enacted tax rates which are anticipated to be in effect when these differences reverse. The deferred tax provision is the result of the net change in the assets and liabilities for deferred tax. A valuation allowance is established when it is necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts expected to be realized. Discontinued Operations Interest expense allocated from continuing operations to discon- tinued operations was based upon the proportion of net assets separately financed to total Company net assets. Total interest expense allocated was approximately $3,600, $4,100 and $5,500 for the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. Reclassifications Certain reclassifications have been made to conform prior year financial statements with the current year presentation. 2. Agway Financial Corporation Agway Financial Corporation (AFC) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Agway whose principal business activity is securing financing through bank borrowings and issuance of corporate debt instruments to provide funds for its sole stockholder, Agway, and AFC's sole wholly owned subsidiary, Agway Holdings Inc. (AHI), and its subsidiaries, for general corporate purposes. The payment of principal and interest on this debt is absolutely and unconditionally guaranteed by Agway. In an exemptive order granted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, AFC, as a separate company, is not required to file periodic reports with respect to these debt securities provided the 1934 Act reports of Agway contain summarized financial information concerning AFC. Accordingly, summarized financial information for AFC and Consoli- dated Subsidiaries is as follows: 36 AGWAY INC. and CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Thousands of Dollars) 2. Agway Financial Corporation (continued) On July 1, 1994, certain subsidiaries of AFC were transferred to Agway Inc., and certain operating divisions of Agway Inc. were transferred to AFC. Had these transactions taken place at July 1, 1993, assets, revenues and net margin of AFC for the period ended June 30, 1994 would have been approximately $1,000,000, $1,200,000 and $11,000, respectively. 3. Restructuring In 1992, the Company initiated Customer Driven: 1995...Focusing on the 21st Century to evaluate its business strategies and anticipated market demographics. After a review of the Company's business practices, the business practices of successful competitors, and market research of current and potential members and customers, the Company identified restructuring measures resulting in a pre-tax restructuring charge to operations of $75,000. The primary components of the restructuring charge were facility closures and sales, product line rationalization, severance costs, and write-down of certain non-strategic assets to net realizable value. With a substantial number of its initiatives completed, the Company now estimates the total cost of the program will be $6,065 less than the initial $75 million estimate. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 1994, excess accruals of $6,065 were credited to operating earnings. As of June 30, 1994, the Company has remaining reserves of approxi- mately $19,300 to complete program initiatives relating principally to the demolition and divestiture of selected properties and related costs. During 1994 and 1993, these business strategies generated net cash of $1,869 in 1994 and $27,824 in 1993 (see Note 16). 4. Leases Receivable Net investments in leases at June 30, 1994 and 1993 were as follows: Most commercial and agricultural leases have terms of 60 months or less, although buildings are leased for a maximum of 180 months. Contractual maturities of leases were as follows at June 30, 1994: Included within the above are unguaranteed estimated residual values of leased property approximating $43,900 and $38,500 at June 30, 1994 and 1993, respectively. 37 AGWAY INC. and CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Thousands of Dollars) 4. Leases Receivable (continued) The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its leasing customers. These financial instruments consist of commitments to extend credit not recognized in the balance sheet. The contract amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of involvement the Company has in particular classes of financial instruments. The Company's exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperfor- mance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit is represented by the contractual amount of the instrument. The Company uses the same credit and collateral policies in making commitments as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses. Since some of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Outstanding commitments to extend lease financing at June 30, 1994 approximated $12,300,000. During 1994 and 1993, the Company entered into lease sale contracts which contain limited recourse provisions which are limited to 7.5% of the sale proceeds. At June 30, 1994, the Company was contingently liable for approximately $3,300,000 under the limited recourse provisions. 5. Inventories Inventories at June 30 consist of the following: Inventories valued at the lower of LIFO (last-in, first-out) cost or market include refined products of Agway Petroleum Corporation. At June 30, 1994 and 1993, current costs exceeded LIFO costs by $373 and $448, respectively. The total of such inventories was $8,544 at June 30, 1994 and $23,086 at June 30, 1993. In 1994 and 1993, certain inventory quantities were reduced, resulting in liquidations of LIFO inventories carried at lower costs prevailing in prior years, the effect of which is immaterial. 38 AGWAY INC. and CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Thousands of Dollars) 6. Marketable Securities Marketable securities consist of bonds and stocks held by the insurance company. The approximate cost of preferred and common stocks is $1,528 and $1,508 for 1994 and 1993 with associated market values of $1,452 and $1,525 for 1994 and 1993, respectively. The amortized cost and estimated market value of investments in debt securities are as follows:  ========== =========== ==========  The amortized cost and estimated market value of debt securities at June 30, 1994, by contractual maturity, are shown below. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. Proceeds from sales of investments in debt securities during 1994 and 1993 were $21,708 and $31,388, respectively. Gross gains of $417 and gross losses of $32 were realized on those sales in 1994, and gross gains of $1,283 and gross losses of $97 were realized on those sales in 1993. The Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities," effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1993. SFAS No. 115 addresses the accounting and reporting for investments in equity securities that have readily determinable fair values and for all investments in debt securities. Management anticipates that the implementation of SFAS No. 115 will not have a material effect on the Company's results of operations and financial position. 39 AGWAY INC. and CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Thousands of Dollars) 7. Properties and Equipment Properties and equipment, at cost, including capital leases, consist of the following at: Depreciation and amortization expense relating to properties and equipment amounted to $31,489, $32,002 and $34,466 in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. 8. Income Taxes The current portion of deferred income tax assets for continuing operations of $35,809 for 1994 and $34,627 for 1993 is included in prepaid expenses. The noncurrent portion of deferred income tax liabilities for continuing operations of $30,784 for 1994 and $30,758 for 1993 is included in other liabilities. 40 AGWAY INC. and CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Thousands of Dollars) 8. Income Taxes (continued) The provision (benefit) for income taxes consists of the following: The Company's effective income tax rate on margin (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes differs from the federal statutory regular tax rate as follows: (1) For state income tax purposes, the Company does not file combined income tax returns and is therefore unable to recognize the benefit of certain net operating losses incurred by subsidiaries. 41 AGWAY INC. and CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Thousands of Dollars) 8. Income Taxes (continued) The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities as of June 30, 1994 and 1993 were as follows: At June 30, 1994, the Company's federal AMT credit can be carried forward indefinitely. 9. Short-Term Notes Payable As of June 30, 1994, the Company had available lines of credit with various banking institutions whereby lenders have agreed to provide funds up to $99,250 to separately financed units of the Company as follows: Agway Financial Corporation (AFC) - $76,250; Telmark - $23,000. Borrowings under these lines amounted to $18,000 at June 30, 1994 and generally bear interest at prevailing short-term interest rates (6.5% at June 30, 1994). In addition, AFC may issue up to $50,000 of commercial paper under the terms of a separate agreement, backed by a letter of credit. Commercial paper outstanding at June 30, 1994 amounted to $44,800 at interest rates ranging between 4.4% and 4.5%. Subsequent to June 30, 1994, certain of AFC's credit lines were no longer available such that, at September 1, 1994, credit availability to AFC was reduced from $76,250 to $55,000, reducing the Company's total available lines to $78,000. The total commercial paper facility of $50,000 remains in place, creating total short-term availability of $128,000. The credit available to the Company, through its existing lines of credit with banking institutions and its commercial paper program, is sufficient to meet the Company's immediate needs. The carrying amount of the Company's short-term borrowings approximates their fair value. The AFC agreements, as amended in January 1994, cover the period through October 28, 1994 and are in process of renegotiation. These agreements, upon the occurrence of certain defined events, give the lenders the right to perfect a security interest in certain accounts receivable and non-petroleum inventories of the Company. Amounts which can be drawn under these agreements are limited to a specific calculation based upon the total of these certain accounts receivable and non-petroleum inventories ("collateral"). Adequate collateral has existed throughout the fiscal year to meet the ongoing needs of the Company. In addition, the agreements include certain covenants, the most restrictive of which requires the Company to maintain specific monthly levels of interest coverage and tangible net worth. 42 AGWAY INC. and CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Thousands of Dollars) 9. Short-Term Notes Payable (continued) As a result of a specific covenant violation within AFC's credit facilities at June 30, 1994, waivers were obtained effective as of June 30, 1994 and covering through August 1994, and amendments were obtained for September and October 1994 from AFC's continuing banking institutions to allow for total Company continuing availability of $128,000. In addition, at June 30, 1994, a lien event occurred and the continuing banking institutions are in the process of perfecting a security interest in certain accounts receivable and non- petroleum inventories of the Company. Negotiations are expected to continue through October 1994, and it is management's expectation that appropriate credit facilities will continue to be in place to meet the ongoing needs of the Company. At June 30, 1994, the Company also maintained letters of credit totalling $22,678, primarily related to general liability claims of the Company. 10. Debt Long-Term Debt: Long-term debt consists of the following at June 30, 1994: (a) Under loan agreements, principal of $102,000 bears interest at fixed rates ranging from 5.4% to 9.18%, payments commencing July 1994 with final installments due in 1999. The notes are collateralized by the Company's investment in the bank having a book value of $18,053 at June 30, 1994. The Agway and AFC debt agreements contain a number of restrictive financial covenants, the most restrictive of which requires the Company to maintain specific monthly levels of interest coverage and tangible net worth. The $14,000 AFC credit facility loan covenants are integrated with the short- term facilities. As a result of a specific covenant violation and a lien event which occurred in conjunction with the Company's short-term notes, waivers and amendments were obtained, and certain assets were pledged as collateral. (See Note 9). (b) Under Telmark loan agreements with various insurance compa- nies, principal of $131,489 bears interest at fixed rates ranging from 5.90% to 10.05%, payments commencing July 1994 with final installment due in 2000. 43 AGWAY INC. and CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Thousands of Dollars) 10. Debt (continued) Subordinated Debt: The Company's subordinated debt is redeemable in whole or in part at the principal amount plus accrued interest, prior to maturity dates, at the option of the Company. The foregoing debt bears interest payable semi-annually on January 1 and July 1 of each year; the debentures at the rates quoted and the money market certificates at the greater of the quoted rate or a rate based upon the discount rate for U.S. Government Treasury Bills, with maturities of 26 weeks. For the following six-month periods, the annual interest rates paid were: This information is provided solely to comply with SFAS No. 107, "Disclosures About Fair Value of Financial Instruments." The fair value of the Company's debt is estimated based on discounted cash flow computations using estimated borrowing rates available to the Company ranging from 7.27% to 8.14% for replace- ment debt with similar terms and maturities. The carrying amounts and fair values of the Company's debt at June 30, 1994 are as follows: Maturities: Total payments due on debt after one year are as follows: 44 AGWAY INC. and CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Thousands of Dollars) 11. Commitments and Contingencies Rent expense for the fiscal years 1994, 1993 and 1992 approxi- mated $7,177, $7,830 and $7,774, respectively. Future minimum payments under noncancelable operating leases approximate $2,289, $1,796, $1,500, $1,443 and $1,386 for the fiscal years 1995 through 1999, respectively, and $595 thereafter. Environmental The Company is subject to a number of governmental regulations concerning environmental matters, either directly, or as a result of the operations of its subsidiaries. Agway expects that it will be required to expend funds to remediate certain sites, including certain Superfund sites and sites with underground fuel storage tanks. In addition, Agway expects that it will incur other expenses associated with environmental compliance. The Company continually monitors its operations with respect to potential environmental issues, including changes in legally mandated standards and remediation technologies. Agway's recorded liability reflects those specific issues where remediation activities are currently deemed to be probable and where the cost of remediation is estimable. Estimates of the extent of the Company's degree of responsibility of a particular site and the method and ultimate cost of remediation require a number of assumptions for which the ultimate outcome may differ from current estimates; however, the Company believes that its past experience provides a reasonable basis for estimating its liability. As additional information becomes available, estimates are adjusted as necessary. While the Company does not anticipate that any such adjustment would be material to its financial statements, it is reasonably possible that the result of ongoing and/or future environmental studies or other factors could alter this expectation and require the recording of additional liabilities. The extent or amount of such events, if any, cannot be estimated at this time. As part of its long-term environmental protection program, the Company spent approximately $5 million in fiscal 1994 on capital projects. The Company estimates that during fiscal 1995 and 1996 approximately $4 million per year will be spent on additional capital projects for environmental protection. These estimates recognize the additional capital required to comply with EPA Underground Storage Tank (UST) regulations which become effective in December 1998. Presently, the total cost to comply with the EPA UST regulations is estimated to be approximately $5 million. The total capital require- ments may change due to the actual number of USTs actively in use on the effective date. Other The Company is also subject to various investigations, claims, and legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters that arise in the ordinary course of its business activities. Each of these matters is subject to various uncertainties, and it is possible that some of these matters may be resolved unfavorably to the Company. The Company has established accruals for matters for which payment is probable and amounts reasonably estimable. Management believes any liability that may ultimately result from the resolution of these matters in excess of amounts provided will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position or results of operations of the Company. 45 AGWAY INC. and CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Thousands of Dollars) 12. Preferred Stock Dollar values are whole dollars except where noted as (000). Dividend payments are restricted to a maximum of 8% of par value, as governed by the Farm Credit Administration. There are 10,000 shares of authorized preferred stock undesignated as to series, rate, and other attributes. The Series A preferred stock has priority with respect to the payment of dividends. The Company maintains the practice of providing a market by repurchasing, at par, preferred stock as the holders elect to tender the securities for repurchase, subject to Board of Directors' approval. The Company practice of repurchasing preferred stock specifically does not apply to approximately 166,600 shares of 6% Series A preferred stock issued in fiscal 1994 in connection with the acquisition of local cooperative affiliates (see Note 16). As a condition of this transaction, the Company's repurchase practice for this preferred stock was specifically suspended for a minimum of four years through July 1997. 46 AGWAY INC. and CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Thousands of Dollars) 13. Retirement Benefits Pension Plan The Company has a non-contributory defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all employees. The pension plan's benefit formulae generally base payments to retired employees upon their length of service and a percentage of qualifying compensation during the final years of employment. Generally, pension costs are funded annually at no less than the amount required by law nor more than the maximum allowed as a federal income tax deduction. The vested benefit obligation is based on the actuarial present value of the benefits which the employee would be entitled to at the expected retirement date. Plan assets consist of U.S. Treasury bonds and notes, U.S. Government agency issues, corporate bonds, common and preferred stocks and equity fund investments. The following table sets forth the plan's funded status and amounts recognized in the Company's consolidated financial statements at June 30, 1994 and 1993, respectively: In determining the actuarial present values of the projected benefit obligations, the weighted average discount was 8.0% for both 1994 and 1993. The rate of increase in future compensation levels was 5.5% for both 1994 and 1993. The expected long- term rate of return on retirement plan assets was 10.25% for both 1994 and 1993. 47 AGWAY INC. and CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Thousands of Dollars) 13. Retirement Benefits (continued) Postretirement Benefits Generally, employees retiring from the company on or after age 55 who have had at least 20 years of service are provided post- retirement health care benefits and life insurance coverage, subject to deductibles, co-payment provisions, and other limitations. As of January 1, 1993, management amended the existing program to provide program participants with two options, which differ only in cost-sharing arrangements and deductible levels. The amendment had the effect of reducing the cost of these programs to the Company in 1993 and prospectively. The costs are funded as payment is due. The number of eligible participants associated with these costs, including retirees, spouses, and children of retirees, was 5,462 for 1994, 5,756 for 1993, and 5,557 for 1992. In December 1990, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions." This standard requires companies to accrue postretirement benefits during the years employees are working and earning benefits for retirement. The provisions of SFAS No. 106 permit the transition obligation to be either recognized immediately, as a cumulative effect of an accounting change, or on a delayed basis over the program participants' future service periods (20 year maximum). Effective July 1, 1993, the Company adopted the standard and began amortizing the transition obligation over 20 years. The annual impact on pre-tax health care and life insurance benefits expense, after adoption, is in excess of the prior method by approximately $3,800. Prior to July 1, 1993, the Company accounted for the expense of providing these benefits as claims were paid and through accruals based on experience. The net expense charges for 1993 and 1992 amounted to $3,780 and $6,962, respectively. Net periodic postretirement benefit cost included the following components: 48 AGWAY INC. and CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Thousands of Dollars) 13. Retirement Benefits (continued) Postretirement Benefits (continued) In determining the actuarial present values of the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation, the weighted average discount was 8%. The future salary increase is age-related and ranges from 10.5% for lower ages to 4.8% for higher ages. The assumed health care cost trend rate used to measure the expected cost of benefits for the next year was 8% for persons under age 65 and for dental, and 9% for persons over age 65. Medical trends for fiscal 1995 and forward decrease .3% to .5% until the year 2002 where the trend rate is then fixed at 6%. For each one percentage point increase in the assumed health care cost trend rate, the aggregate service and interest cost components of net periodic expense would rise $900, and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation would increase $7,500. Employees' Thrift Investment Plan The Company also makes contributions to the Employees' Thrift Investment Plan for participating employees. Under the Plan, each participant may invest up to 15% of their salary, of which a maximum of 6% qualifies for Company matching. The Company will contribute an amount of at least 10%, but not more than 50%, of each parti- cipant's regular contributions, as defined, on an annual basis. Company contributions for 1994, 1993 and 1992 were $474, $1,347 and $490, respectively. 14. Financial Information Concerning Segment Reporting The Company operates principally in three basic business segments: (1) Agriculture & Consumer Group is engaged in the manufacturing, processing, and sale of various farm animal feeds, field crop and garden seeds, fertilizers, and chemicals to farmer-members and other patrons. In addition to the aforementioned products, the Group engages in the wholesale purchase, warehousing, and distribu- tion of agricultural supplies and materials, lawn and garden items, and pet food and supplies. Marketing and repacking operations relating to the sale of commodities produced by members and farmers are also part of the Group's activities; (2) Energy Group is engaged in the distribution of heating and motor vehicle fuels; and (3) Financial Services Group is engaged in providing insurance needs and lease financing of buildings, equipment, and vehicles. Total revenue of each industry segment includes the sale of products and services to unaffiliat- ed customers, as reported in the Company's consolidated statements of operations, as well as sales to other segments of the Company which are accounted for on a cost plus markup basis. Operating profit (loss) consists of total revenues less operating expenses. Certain expenses, including rent, data processing, insurance, personnel, legal, tax reporting, corporate management and treasury are allocated based on a formula which considers assets, revenues and payroll. In computing operating profit (loss), none of the following items have been added to or deducted from segment results: corporate expenses; interest expense, net of interest income; other income generated from assets not allocable to segments; member refunds; income taxes; and income or (loss) from discontinued operations. Identifiable assets in the segments of the Company are those assets used by each segment in its operations. General management assets consist principally of cash, various prepaid expenses, fixed assets and net assets of discontinued operations. Contracts with various federal, state, and local government agencies are immaterial. 49 AGWAY INC. and CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Thousands of Dollars) 14. Financial Information Concerning Segment Reporting (continued) 50 AGWAY INC. and CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Thousands of Dollars) 14. Financial Information Concerning Segment Reporting (continued) 15. Other Income (Expense) The components of other income (expense) are summarized below: (1) Deferred payout component from 1988 sale of Texas City Refining recorded during the fourth quarter of 1992. 51 AGWAY INC. and CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Thousands of Dollars) 16. Supplemental Disclosures about Cash Flows 1993 and 1994 - During the fiscal year ended June 30, 1993, 46 local cooperative affiliates were acquired. Three of these cooperatives were merged into Agway during the first and second quarters of fiscal 1993, while the remaining 43 were acquired during the third and fourth quarters, for a total purchase price of $20,395 plus certain liabilities assumed of $13,779. In fiscal 1994, six additional cooperatives were merged for a total purchase price of $1,309 plus current liabilities assumed of $2,089. The total purchase price of $21,704 plus certain liabilities assumed of $15,868 was settled in fiscal 1994 in the form of cash ($5,044) and restricted preferred stock, 6%, $100 par value ($16,661). In 1993, of the total $20,395 purchase price, $16,316 was paid in July 1993 in restricted preferred stock and, accordingly, was classified as other non-current liabilities with the remaining $4,079 classified as other current liabilities at June 30, 1993. 1992 - On May 1, 1992, Agway acquired an additional 8.3% of the common stock of Hood from DCI Holding Corp. (bringing the ownership level beyond 99%) by issuing a note to DCI Holding. Total consideration was $6,000. Certain other supplemental disclosures are as follows: 52 AGWAY INC. and CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Thousands of Dollars) 17. Discontinued Operations On March 23, 1993, the Agway Board of Directors authorized management to sell the Company's interest in Curtice Burns and Hood. Management and the Board had specific plans and expected timetables for the divestiture of these operations during fiscal 1994. Due to unexpected delays, these sales have not been completed. Management and the Board have re-evaluated their expected timetables and anticipate these operations to be sold during fiscal 1995. These operations are classified as discontinued for all periods presented. The effect of disposal of discontinued operations reflected as of June 30 includes the following: (1) Includes a pre-tax restructuring charge of $9,700 for Curtice Burns, which occurred in the fourth quarter of fiscal 1993, for exiting the meat snacks business, closure of the Hiland potato chip business, and certain staff reductions. (2) The tax on operating results differs from the expected tax as a result of operating losses of Hood for which no tax benefit was recognized. In addition, 1994 and 1993 tax expense relating to the operating loss from the measurement date includes $9,200 provided for taxes on the undistributed margins of Curtice Burns as of the measurement date. (3) Actual results of discontinued operations for fiscal 1994 were a loss of $8,400. Actual results through the originally planned disposal dates of an $800 loss differed from the $5,500 estimated income principally due to a significant downturn in the Northeast dairy market which adversely impacted Hood's operating results. This downturn, which continues, and the development of an unex- pected contractual dispute between Curtice Burns and Pro-Fac Cooperative Inc. affecting the bidding process for the sale of Curtice Burns are the principal reasons which delayed the disposal process and caused the Company to re-evaluate its planned disposal dates into fiscal 1995. (4) The tax benefit related to the expected gain differs from the statutory tax rate as a result of differences between the book and tax basis of Hood. (5) Reflects only the portion of the net gain expected on the sale of both Curtice Burns and Hood required to offset operating losses during the phaseout period in 1993. (6) At June 30, 1994, a $4,000 loss on the disposal of both compa- nies was recognized as a result of recent developments regarding the anticipated provisions of the sales transactions. This loss recognizes changes in the estimate of the net selling price anticipated on the sale of Curtice Burns as a result of the bidding process and on the anticipated sale of Hood due to the downturn in the Northeast dairy market and the impact on Hood's operating results. Other additional factors are the changes in estimates of the related transaction costs and estimates in operating results during the estimated holding periods. 53 AGWAY INC. and CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Thousands of Dollars) 17. Discontinued Operations (continued) Net sales and revenues from discontinued operations are approximately $1,322,000 in 1994, $1,438,000 in 1993 and $1,472,000 in 1992. A summary of net assets of discontinued operations at June 30, 1994 and 1993 is as follows: Certain debt agreements pertaining to discontinued operations contain a number of restrictive financial covenants. These operations are in compliance with, or have obtained amendments and waivers for, restrictions and requirements under the terms of all borrowing agreements. The Company has guaranteed up to $25,000 of debt facilities of Hood until the sale of this operation. 54 PART III Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant Directors The Directors of the Company determine Company policy and are nominated on a district representation basis by committees representing members within each district. Each of the following directors is a full- time farmer and has been engaged in full-time farming during the past five years: Ralph H. Heffner, Chairman of the Board of Directors, was paid $5  0,200 and Charles C. Brosius, Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, was paid $34,700 for their services for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994. All other directors were paid an annual retainer fee of $6,000 and an amount of $200 for each day that they were involved in business for the Company. The Company has a program in which all directors have an option to either receive or defer amounts earned as directors. Expenses of Board members incurred in connection with Company business are reimbursed by the Company. Effective July 1, 1993, a retirement benefit plan was instituted for existing and future Board members. The terms of this plan require annual payments to retired or permanently disabled directors who serve a minimum of six full years. The benefit is computed at $250 for each full year of service and is paid to the director or surviving spouse for a period equal to the years served on the Board. Directors who receive payments under this plan are required to sign a non-compete agreement and remain available to advise and consult with the members of the Board, as needed. (1) All correspondence in relation to operational matters should be addressed to D. P. Cardarelli, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Agway Inc., P.O. Box 4933, Syracuse, New York 13221. (2) Director of Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. (3) Director of Long Island Lighting Company. 55 Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant - Continued Executive Officers The executive officers of the Company provide operating control to carry out the policies established by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board with no guarantee of employment. There are no full-time executive officers of the Company who are members of the Board of Directors. The principal occupation of all executive officers of the Company for the past five years has been as an officer or employee of the Company. The following is a listing of these officers as of July 1, 1994, except as noted below: All of the Company's executive officers, with the exception of Messrs. Newman, Burnett, Cardarelli, Ruppert, Engfer, Fuess, Hoefer, Sears, Parker and Ms. Luttinger, have performed executive duties for the Company for at least five years. Mr. Newman served as Director of Feed Division from June 1989 to May 1990, as Vice President, Feed and Crops Division from May 1990 through June 1992 and as Group Vice President, Agriculture from July 1992 through July 1, 1994. Mr. Burnett served as Director, Corporate Personnel from August 1988 through November 1990, as Vice President, Financial Services Group from November 1990 through July 1992, as Vice President, Country Foods from July 1992 to September 1992 and as Group Vice President, Energy from October 1992 through July 1, 1994. Mr. Cardarelli served as Executive Vice President for Agway Insurance Company from July 1988 through August 1991, as Treasurer of the Company from August 1991 through May 1992 and as Vice President, Treasurer of the Company from May 1992 to July 1, 1994. Mr. Ruppert served as Director, Seed Operations from April 1989 through March 1990, as Accounting Project Manager for Executive VP Agri-Services from April 1990 through October 1990, as Controller for Executive VP Agri-Services from November 1990 through April 1991, as Director, Operations & Planning from May 1991 through June 1992 and as Senior Vice President, Planning & Operations from July 1992 through July 1, 1994. 56 Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant - Continued Executive Officers (continued) Mr. Engfer served as Director of Employee Relations for the Company from June 1982 through June 1991, as Director of Corporate Personnel for the Company from July 1991 through June 1992 and as Vice President, Human Resources since July 1992. Effective Septem- ber 16, 1994, Mr. Engfer retired from the Company. Mr. Fuess served as Director of Risk & Environmental Quality from January 1988 through June 1994 and as Vice President, Risk & Environmental Quality from June 1994 to July 1, 1994. Mr. Hoefer served as Director of Public Affairs/Government Relations from July 1984 through June 1992, as Director of Govern- ment Affairs/Corporate Transportation Services from June 1992 through June 1994 and as Vice President, Public Affairs from June 1994 to July 1, 1994. Mr. Sears served as Director of Feed Services from July 1980 to June 1990, as Director of Business Development of Country Foods from June 1990 through June 1992, as Director of Member Relations from June 1992 through June 1994 and as Vice President, Member Relations from June 1994 to July 1, 1994. Mr. Parker served as Vice President, Systems for Agway Insurance from July 1985 to January 1993, as Director of New Project Management from January 1993 to September 1994 and as Vice President, Information Services as of September 14, 1994. Ms. Luttinger served as Personnel Manager, Crop Services from March 1985 to October 1990, as Employment Services Supervisor from October 1990 to August 1992, as Director Human Resources, Corpo- rate Groups from August 1992 to September 1994 and as Vice President, Human Resources as of September 14, 1994. (1) On August 29, 1994, Charles F. Saul, president, chief executive officer and general manager of Agway Inc. since 1992, announced that he will retire on February 1, 1995. Until that date, Saul will retain the title president and will represent Agway in a number of agricultural industry and ag-cooperative related projects. The board of directors elected Donald P. Cardarelli to the position of executive vice president and chief operating officer with full responsibility for management of the Company. (2) Messrs. Ruppert and Whittemore resigned from the Company effective September 14, 1994. 57 Item 11. Executive Compensation The following table sets forth information regarding annual and long-term compensation for services in all capacities to the Company for the fiscal years ended June 1994, 1993 and 1992 of those persons who were, at June 30, 1994, (i) the chief executive officer and (ii) the other four most highly compensated executive officers of the Company: (1) Salary is used in determining the average annual compensa- tion pursuant to the Company's retirement plan. This amount includes all deferred amounts under the 40l(k) Plan. (2) Bonuses are payable in cash or executives may elect to defer their awards for payments at a later date, subject to certain contingencies. Beginning in fiscal 1993, members of the General Manager Staff and Division Management Group and other executives designated by the Company's principal executive officer are eligible for participation in the Agway Inc. Management Incentive Plan (the "Plan"). Contin- gent upon each individual's performance, the Company's net margin, and other performance factors, each eligible executive may be paid a bonus. Bonuses are reflected in the fiscal year earned regardless of payment date. (3) In accordance with the transitional provisions applicable to the revised rule on executive officer and director compensation disclosure adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, amounts of All Other Compensation are excluded for the Company's 1992 fiscal year. (4) Amounts shown for certain officers include contributions made by the Company to the Agway Inc. Employees' Thrift Plan, the Agway Inc. Employees' Benefit Equalization Plan, and the Agway Inc. Employees' Deferred Compensation Program. 58 Item 11. Executive Compensation - Continued Long-Term Incentive Plans The Company adopted the Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "Incentive Plan") effective July 1, 1992 to provide an incentive to the President, CEO and General Manager through awards of participation units to be paid in cash. Awards under the Incentive Plan have a maturity date of June 30, 1995. Payouts of awards are tied to achieving specified levels of equity. The amounts provided through the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994 are as shown in the following table: The Employees' Retirement Plan of Agway Inc. (the "Retirement Plan") is a non-contributory defined benefit plan covering substantially all employees. The Retirement Plan provides for retirement benefits, at a normal retirement age of 65, based upon average annual compensa- tion received during the highest 60 consecutive months in the last 10 years of service and credited years of service. Optional earlier retirement and other benefits are also provided. The Retirement Plan pays a monthly retirement benefit based on the greater amount calculated under two formulas. The benefit amount under one formula is subject to an offset for Social Security benefits. The following table shows estimated annual benefits payable upon retirement based on certain 5-year average remuneration levels and years- of-service classifications. The table was developed assuming a normal retirement at age 65.  Amount under the Retirement Plan may be subject to reduction because of the limitations imposed under the IRC; however, the extent of any reduction will vary in individual cases according to circumstanc- es existing at the time pension payments commence. Effective July 1, 1987, the Company adopted the Employees' Benefit Equalization Plan of Agway Inc., which, among other things, will provide the amount of any such reduction in annual pension benefits under the Retirement Plan. 59 Item 11. Executive Compensation - Continued Long-Term Incentive Plans (continued) The benefits shown are computed on a straight life basis and do not reflect an offset for up to 50% of the Social Security benefits, subject to certain minimum benefits. Also, the benefits are based on continu- ing the Plan's benefit formulas as in effect on June 30, 1994. As of June 30, 1994, the officers and their respective number of credited years of service under the Retirement Plan were as follows: Messrs. Saul, 40; O'Neill, 6; Burnett, 23; Hayes, 21; and Norris, 22. "Compensation" is defined as the regular salary or wages as reported in the "Salary" column of the Summary Compensation Table, which is paid to an employee for services rendered to Agway Inc., including overtime and vacation pay but excluding bonuses or special pay. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Inside Participation This item is inapplicable. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management The following table sets forth information as of June 30, 1994 with respect to the Class A Common Stock issued by Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by all Agway directors and executive officers as a group: (1) Includes totals of individual directors separately disclosed. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions There are no reportable items under this caption. 60 PART IV Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K Page (a) Index to Document List Location (1) Financial Statements Among the responses to this Item 14(a)(1) are the following financial statements which are included in Item 8 on page 25: (i) Independent Accountants' reports 27 (ii) Balance Sheets, June 30, 1994 and 1993 30 (iii) Statements of Operations, for the fiscal years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992 31 (iv) Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity, for the fiscal years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992 32 (v) Consolidated Cash Flow Statements, for the fiscal years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992 33 (vi) Notes to Financial Statements 34 (2) Financial Statement Schedules (i) The following schedules are presented: Schedule III- Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 62 Schedule V- Properties and Equipment 66 Schedule VI- Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization Properties and Equipment 67 Schedule VIII- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 68 Schedule IX- Short-Term Borrowings 69 Schedule X- Supplementary Income Statement Information 70 Schedules other than these listed above have been omitted as they are not required, inapplicable, or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 61 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS To the Board of Directors of Agway Inc.: Our report on the consolidated financial statements of Agway Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries has been included in this form 10-K of Agway Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries. In connection with our audits of such financial statements, we have also audited the related financial statement schedules listed in Item 14(a)(2)(i) of Part IV of this annual report on Form 10-K. In our opinion, the financial statement schedules referred to above, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements, taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the informa- tion required to be included therein. COOPERS & LYBRAND L.L.P. Syracuse, New York September 22, 1994 62 Item 14(a)(2). Financial Statement Schedules 63 Item 14(a)(2). Financial Statement Schedules - Continued 64 Item 14(a)(2). Financial Statement Schedules - Continued 65 Item 14(a)(2). Financial Statement Schedules - Continued AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE III - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT (Thousands of Dollars) ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES Inventories Inventories at June 30 consist of the following: Debt Debt capital for Agway is supplied by its wholly owned subsid- iary, AFC, which provides financing through issuance of debt securities and bank borrowings. The payment of principal and interest on such debt is absolutely and unconditionally guaranteed by Agway. The total debt of AFC guaranteed by Agway is disclosed in Note 10. Related Party Transactions Transactions between Agway Inc. and its unconsolidated subsi- diaries are as follows: 66 Item 14(a)(2). Financial Statement Schedules - Continued AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE V - PROPERTIES AND EQUIPMENT (Thousands of Dollars) (1) Principally reclassifications Depreciation and amortization are charged to operations, principally on a straight-line basis, over the estimated useful lives of the properties and equipment or over the term of the lease for certain capital leases. The principal depreciation and amortization rates used are as follows: Percentage Rate Per Annum Land improvements. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5 to 10 Buildings and improvements to leased property. . 2 to 10 Machinery and equipment. . . . . . . . . . . . . 3 to 12.5 Office equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10 to 33 Automotive equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12.5 to 33 67 Item 14(a)(2). Financial Statement Schedules - Continued AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE VI - ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, DEPLETION AND AMORTIZATION OF PROPERTIES AND EQUIPMENT (Thousands of Dollars) (1) Principally reclassifications 68 Item 14(a)(2). Financial Statement Schedules - Continued AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE VIII - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS (Thousands of Dollars) (a) Accounts charged off, net of recoveries. (b) Liquidation of reserve due to personnel reductions, plant and store closings, discontinuation of product lines, and the sale of non- essential assets. (c) Reversal due to change in circumstance attributable to future taxable income from sale of discontinued subsidiary investments. (d) Difference between Cost and Market of applicable inventories. 69 Item 14(a)(2). Financial Statement Schedules - Continued AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE IX - SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS (Thousands of Dollars) (1) The average amount outstanding during the period was determined by dividing the sum of each day's outstanding amount by 365 days. (2) The weighted average rate was determined by dividing the total interest paid on short-term borrowings by the weighted average of such borrowings outstanding on a daily basis. 70 Item 14(a)(2). Financial Statement Schedules - Continued AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE X - SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION (Thousands of Dollars)  Less than 1% of net sales and revenues 71 Item 14(b). Reports on Form 8-K No reports on Form 8-K for the three months ended June 30, 1994, have been filed. Item 14(c)(1). Exhibits Required by Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-K i) The following required exhibits are hereby incorporated by reference to previously filed Registration Statements on Forms S-1, S-2 or S- 3, filed on the dates as specified: Articles of incorporation and by-laws 3(a) - Certificate creating series of preferred stock of Agway Inc. dated July 5, 1977, filed by reference to Exhibit 3(a)(5) of Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 2-59896, dated September 16, 1977. 3(b) - Certificate creating series of Honorary Member Preferred Stock of Agway Inc. dated June 15, 1981, filed by reference to Exhibit 1(c) of the Registration State- ment on Form S-1, File No. 2-73928, dated September 3, 1981. Instrument defining the rights of security holders, including indentures 4(a) - The Indenture dated as of August 25, 1982, between Agway and Key Bank of Central New York of Syracuse, New York, Trustee, including forms of Sub- ordinated Money Market Certificates (Minimum 9% per annum) due October 31, 1997, and Subordinated Money Market Certificates (minimum 9.5% per annum) due October 31, 1997, filed by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Registration Statement (Form S-1), file No. 2-79047, dated August 27, 1982. 4(b) - The Indenture dated as of August 1, 1984 between Agway and Key Bank of Central New York of Syracuse, New York, Trustee, including forms of Sub- ordinated Money Market Certificates (Minimum 9.5% per annum) due Octo- ber 31, 1984, and Subordinated Member Money Market Certificates (Minimum 10% per annum) due October 31, 1994, filed by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Registration Statement (Form S-2), File No. 2-92989, dated August 28, 1984. 4(c) - The Indenture dated as of August 2, 1984, between Agway and Key Bank of Central New York of Syracuse, New York, Trustee, including forms of Sub- ordinated Money Market Certificates (Minimum 10% per annum) due October 31, 1984, and Subordinated Member Money Market Certificates (Minimum 10.5% per annum) due October 31, 1994, filed by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Registration Statement (Form S-2), File No. 2-92989, dated August 28, 1984. 4(d) - The Indenture dated as of September 1, 1985, between Agway and Key Bank of Central New York of Syracuse, New York, Trustee, including forms of Sub- ordinated Money Market Certificates (Minimum 7.5% per annum) due Octo- ber 31, 2005, and Subordinated Member Money Market Certificates (Minimum 8% per annum) due October 31, 1995, filed by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Registration Statement (Form S-2), File No. 2-99905, dated August 27, 1985. 4(e) - The Indenture dated as of September 2, 1985, between Agway and Key Bank of Central New York of Syracuse, New York, Trustee, including forms of Sub- ordinated Money Market Certificates (Minimum 8% per annum) due October 31, 1995, and Subordinated Member Money Market Certificates (Minimum 8.5% per annum) due October 31, 1995, filed by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Registration Statement (Form S-2), File No. 2-99905, dated August 27, 1985. 72 Item 14(c)(1). Exhibits Required by Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-K - Continued 4(f) - The Indenture dated as of September 1, 1986 between AFC and Key Bank of Central New York of Syracuse, New York, Trustee, including forms of Sub- ordinated Member Money Market Cer- tificates (Minimum 6.5% per annum) due October 31, 1996, Subordinated Member Money Market Certificates (Minimum 6% per annum) due October 31, 2006, Subordinated Money Market Certificates (Minimum 6% per annum) due October 31, 1996, and Subordinated Money Market Certificates (Minimum 5.5% per annum) due October 31, 2006, filed by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Registration Statement (Form S-3), File No. 33-8676, dated September 11, 1986. 4(g) - The Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 1, 1986 among AFC, Agway Inc. and Key Bank of Central New York of Syracuse, New York, Trustee, includ- ing forms of subordinated debt securities filed by reference to Exhibit 4 of Regis- tration Statement on Form S-3, File No. 33-8676, dated September 11, 1986. 4(h) - The Indenture dated as of August 24, 1987 between AFC and Key Bank of Central New York of Syracuse, New York, Trustee, including forms of Sub- ordinated Member Money Market Cer- tificates (Minimum 7% per annum) due October 31, 1998, and Subordinated Member Money Market Certificates (Minimum 6.5% per annum) due Octo- ber 31, 2008, and Subordinated Money Market Certificates (Minimum 6.5% per annum) due October 31, 1998, and Subordinated Money Market Certificates (Minimum 6% per annum) due October 31, 2008, filed by reference to Exhibit 4 of Registration Statement on Form S-3, File No. 33-16734, dated August 31, 1987. 4(i) - The Indenture dated as of August 23, 1988 between AFC and Key Bank of Central New York of Syracuse, New York, Trustee, including forms of Sub- ordinated Member Money Market Cer- tificates (Minimum 9.5% per annum) due October 31, 2000, and Subordinated Member Money Market Certificates (Minimum 9% per annum) due October 31, 2008, and Subordinated Money Market Certificates (Minimum 9% per annum) due October 31, 2000, and Subordinated Money Market Certificates (Minimum 8.5% per annum) due Octo- ber 31, 2000, filed by reference to Exhibit 4 of Registration Statement on Form S-3, File No. 33-24093, dated August 31, 1988. 4(j) - The Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 14, 1988 among AFC, Agway Inc. and Key Bank of Central New York, National Association, Trustee, amending the Indentures dated as of August 23, 1988 and August 24, 1988 filed on October 18, 1988. 4(k) - The Indenture dated as of August 23, 1989, among AFC, Agway Inc. and Key Bank of Central New York of Syracuse, New York, Trustee, including forms of Subordinated Money Market Certificates and Subordinated Members Money Market Certificates, filed by reference to Exhibit 4 of Registration Statement on Form S-3, File No. 33-30808, dated August 30, 1989. 4(l) - AFC Board of Directors resolutions authorizing the issuance of Money Mar- ket Certificates under Indentures dated as of August 23, 1989. 4(m) - Agway Board of Directors resolutions authorizing the issuance of Honorary Member Preferred Stock, Series HM and Membership Common Stock and authorizing AFC to issue Money Market Certificates under Indentures dated as of August 23, 1989. 73 Item 14(c)(1). Exhibits Required by Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-K - Continued 4(n) - The Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 24, 1992 among AFC, Agway Inc. and Key Bank of New York, Trust- ee, amending the Indenture dated as of August 23, 1989. (ii) The following exhibits are filed as a separate section of this report: 3 - Agway, Inc. By- laws as amended June 14, 1994 12 - Statements re computation of ratios 13 - Annual report to security holders, Form 10-Q or quarterly report to security holders 21 - Subsidiaries of registrant 23 - Consents of experts and counsel 27 - Financial data schedule 99 - Additional exhibits The Annual Report on Form 11-K for fiscal year ended June 30, 1994. 74 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. AGWAY INC. (Registrant) By /s/ Donald P. Cardarelli Donald P. Cardarelli Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date September 21, 1994 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 75 76 Supplemental Information to be Furnished with Reports Filed Pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act by Registrants Which Have Not Registered Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Act. As of the date of this filing on Form 10-K, the Registrant has not had available to be sent to security holders the annual report for fiscal year ended June 30, 1994. Subsequent to the filing of the annual report on Form 10-K, the Registrant shall furnish security holders with annual reports.  APPENDIX NARRATIVE DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATIONAL CHART OMITTED ON PAGE 4 - - - - - - - - --------------------------------------------------------------- The organizational structure of Agway Inc. as of June 30, 1994 was as follows: Agway Inc is the parent company of this organization. The organization consists of these areas: Corporate Administration, Agriculture and Consumer, and Other Segments. Corporate Administration encompasses divisions of Agway Inc. responsible for financial, legal, corporate, and information services, cooperative relations and planning and operations. Also within this group are Agway Financial Company (AFC), a wholly owned subsidiary of Agway Inc. and Agway Holdings Inc. (AHI), a wholly owned subsidiary of AFC. Agriculture and Con  sumer consists of feed and crops operations, retail/wholesale operations, and country foods. Divisions within Agway Inc. are responsible for feed and crop operations as well as retail/wholesale operations. Within the feed and crop operations, Milford Fertilizer Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Agway Inc. and Seedway Inc., Allied Seed Cooperative Inc. and Pro-Lawn Products Inc. are wholly owned subsidiaries of AHI. Within the country foods operations, Sacramento Valley Milling Inc. and Agway Country Foods Inc. are wholly owned subsidiaries of AHI. Also within the country foods operations are Merchants Produce Company Inc., Midstate Potato Distributors, Inc., V. Guifre & Sons, Inc., and Sam Panebianco and Sons, Inc., all wholly owned subsidiaries of Agway Country Foods Inc. The Other Segments include the energy group, consisting of Agway Petroleum Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of AHI; the financial services group consisting of Telmark, Inc., Agway Insurance Company, and Agway General Agency, Inc., all wholly owned subsidiaries of AHI; and discontinued operations consisting of Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. and H. P. Hood Inc., both subsidiaries of AHI.  AGWAY INC. FORM 10-K JUNE 30, 1994 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Title - - - - - - - - ------ ----- ( 3) Articles of incorporation and by-laws . . . . . . . . . . . .Page (12) Statements re computation of ratios . . . . . . . . . . . . .Page (13) Annual report to security holders, Form 10-Q or quarterly report to security holders . . . . . . . . . . .Page (21) Subsidiaries of registrant. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Page (23) Consent of experts and counsel. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Page (27) Financial data schedule . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Page (99) Additional exhibits Annual report on Form 11-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994 of The Agway Inc. Employees' Thrift Investment Plan. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Page  EX-3 2  EXHIBIT 3  BY-LAWS of AGWAY INC. As Amended to June 14, 1994 GENERAL 1.1 Certificate of Incorporation - The certificate of incorporation of the corporation is hereby made a part of these by-laws and all matters hereinafter contained in these by-laws shall be subject to such provisions in regard thereto, if any, as are set forth in the certificate of incorporation. All referenc- es in these by-laws to the certificate of incorporation shall be construed to mean the certificate of incorporation as from time to time amended. The name and purposes of the corporation shall be as set forth in the certificate of incorporation. 1.2 Definitions - As used in these by-laws, the following terms have the following meanings: (a) "Person" means any individual, partnership, firm, corporation, association, or any other form of business organization. (b) "Farmer" means any person who produces agri- cultural products for sale. (c) "Member" means any person meeting the quali- fications specified in section 2.1 of these by-laws; and for purposes of sections 9.1-9.4 of these by-laws, also includes any contract patron. (d) "Contract Patron" means any person who is a party to a contract with the corporation providing for the payment of patronage refunds authorized by section 9.6 of these by-laws. MEMBERSHIP 2.1 Members - The following persons shall be members of the corporation: (a) Any farmer or cooperative organization of farmers which: (1) is a record holder of one share of $25 par value membership common stock of this corpora- tion, and (2) has purchased farm supplies or farm services or has marketed farm products through  this corporation since the beginning of the pre- ceding fiscal year of the corporation. A cooperative organization of farmers, which acts only as a local representative of the corporation in the distribution of farm supplies, shall not thereby be qualified for membership. 2.2 Non-Members - All persons or organizations, not qualified for membership under section 2.1 of these by- laws, who shall purchase from or market through the corporation shall be non- members of the corporation, and, except in the case of contract patrons, shall not be entitled to share in refunds based on their patronage. 2.3 Privileges of Membership - Each member shall have the following rights and privileges: (a) As a stockholder, to participate in and vote at meetings of stockholders as provided in section 2.4 of these by-laws. (b) To participate in patronage refunds as pro- vided in sections 9.1-9.5 of these by-laws. (c) To attend and participate in local membership meetings, and to participate in the selection of member committees or committeemen. (d) To be eligible to serve on local member committees or on the Agway council or on the board of directors of this corporation. 2.4 Voting - (a) All voting rights shall be vested in the $25 par value membership common stock of the corporation, the holder of which shall be entitled to one vote to be cast by the holder thereof in person, or by proxy, at any meeting of stockholders. (b) Except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware, the certificate of incorporation or these by- laws, all actions taken at a meeting of stockholders shall be determined by a majority vote at a meeting at which a quorum is present. 2.5 Representative of a Member or Stockholder - If any member or stockholder is other than a natural person, such member or stockholder may be represented by any officer thereof or by any other individual duly authorized by a writing executed and filed with the secretary of the corporation.  2.6 Non-Transferability of Membership - No membership shall be assigned or transferred either voluntarily or involun- tarily or by operation of law. 2.7 Termination of Membership - A membership shall be terminated: (a) By transfer or the tender for purchase by the corporation by a member of his share of $25 par value membership common stock of the corporation, such termi- nation to be effective upon the recording of such transfer or purchase upon the stock records of the corporation. (b) By the call for redemption by the corporation of the member's share of $25 par value membership common stock of the corporation because the person has ceased to be a member of the corporation as defined in section 2.1 of these by-laws. (c) By the call for redemption by the corporation of the member's share of $25 par value membership common stock of the corporation because such redemption is necessary to maintain the status of the corporation as an agricultural cooperative under applicable law. 2.8 Member Committees - Members shall be eligible to attend meetings at which those members doing business with the corporation and residing within a geographical area shall select a member committee from among their own number. Member commit- tees shall select a chairman, vice chairman, and secretary, and shall keep minutes of their meetings and actions taken. Each member committee so chosen shall function with respect to nomina- tion procedures as specified in section 5.3 of these by-laws, and shall act in an advisory capacity in representing members in their relationships with this corporation, its subsidiaries and qualified agencies. CAPITAL STOCK AND PATRONS' INTERESTS 3.1 Capital Stock - The amount of the authorized capital stock and the par value of the shares shall be as fixed in the certificate of incorporation. The issuance of any shares of capital stock of any class shall be authorized by the board of directors by resolution fixing the consideration for such issue. 3.2 Certificates of Stock - Certificates of stock will be signed in the name of the corporation by the president or a vice-president and the treasurer or an assistant treasurer or the secretary or an assistant secretary. Such signatures may be facsimile. Certificates shall be numbered and registered in the order in which they are issued and the seal of the corporation shall be affixed thereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this section 3.2 of these by-laws, certificates of stock shall be in such form as shall, in conformity to law, be prescribed from time to time by the board of directors. 3.3 Loss of Certificate - In case of the alleged loss or destruction or of the mutilation of a certificate of stock, a duplicate certificate may be issued in place thereof, upon such terms in conformity with law as the board of directors may prescribe. The corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the corporation may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or his legal representative, to give the corporation (i) an affidavit (in form and substance satisfactory to the corporation) describing the loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate, and/or (ii) a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate. 3.4 Transfer of Shares of Stock - Shares of stock of the corporation shall be transferable only on the books of the corporation by assignment in writing by the owner thereof, his attorney legally constituted, or his legal representatives, upon surrender and cancellation of the certificates therefor and, in the case of common stock, only with the written consent of the corporation, endorsed on the certificate of stock. Shares of common stock may not be transferred except absolutely. The corporation and its transfer agents and registrars, if any, shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share or shares of stock as the absolute owner thereof for all purposes except as otherwise expressly provided by the laws of the State of Dela- ware. 3.5 Redemption or Purchase of Shares of Stock - Whenever any stock is called by the corporation for redemption, or whenever any $25 par value membership common stock held by a person who has ceased to be a member is presented by the holder for sale to the corporation, the certificates representing such stock duly endorsed for transfer and bearing any appropriate transfer stamps shall be delivered at the principal office of the corporation or at such bank or trust company as may be specified in the call by the corporation. Payment for any stock so deliv- ered shall be made by the corporation promptly after such deliv- ery. After call duly made in accordance with the foregoing provisions (unless such stock shall have been duly delivered as required by such call and the corporation shall have failed to make payment therefor within one week after such delivery), the stock covered by such call shall be deemed to have been purchased by the corporation on the date fixed by the call for redemption and the holder thereof shall not thereafter be entitled to vote in respect to such stock, or otherwise to enjoy any of the  privileges and benefits of ownership thereof, but only to re- ceive, after delivery of the certificates therefor, payment for such stock as hereinbefore provided. 3.6 Record Date - The board of directors may fix in advance a date not exceeding sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days preceding the date of any meeting of the stockholders, or not exceeding sixty (60) days preceding the date for payment of any dividend, as a record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at any such meeting or entitled to receive a payment of any such dividend; and in such case such stockholders and only such stockholders as shall be stockholders of record on the date so fixed shall be entitled to such notice of, and to vote at such meeting, or to receive payment of such dividend, notwithstanding any transfer of any stock on the books of the corporation after such record date so fixed. 3.7 Rights, Limitations and Priorities of Patrons' Interest - (a) Revolving Fund Certificates - Revolving fund certificates issued by any predecessor corporation in lieu of cash patronage refunds, or by this corporation in exchange for such certificates issued by a predeces- sor corporation, shall be redeemed at face amount, fully or pro rata, in the order of issuance by year if and when the board of directors in its sole discretion considers the funds represented thereby no longer necessary for corporate purposes. In the event of dissolution, such certificates shall be retired in full or on a pro rata basis. No interest shall be paid on revolving fund certificates. (b) Retained Margins and Patrons' Equities - Retained margins (any net margin retained by the corpo- ration or any predecessor and apportioned to patrons on the books of the corporation or of predecessor corpora- tions, but not allocated to patrons in the form of any written notice) and patrons' equities (retained net margin of the corporation or any predecessor allocated to patrons in the form of a written notice other than a revolving fund certificate) constitute the residual equity of the corporation which, subject to reduction by losses, shall be held for the benefit of patrons, past as well as present, having an interest therein pursuant to the provisions of these by-laws or the by- laws of any predecessor corporation. Retained margins and patrons' equities entitle the holders thereof to the same rights and privileges, and neither shall enjoy any preference over the other. No person shall be entitled to any distribution of assets with respect of retained margins or patrons' equities prior to the dissolution of the corporation. In the event of disso-  lution, after payment in full of all debts and of any amounts to which the holders of preferred stock, re- volving fund certificates and common stock shall be entitled pursuant to the provisions of these by-laws, the remaining assets of the corporation shall be dis- tributed proportionately among those persons having interests in retained margins and patrons' equities and in accordance with such interests as reflected on the books of the corporation and predecessor corporations. 3.8 6% Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A - Agway, Inc. 6% Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A, issued in connec- tion with the merger of Agway local store corporations into Agway, Inc. after September 22, 1992 will not be subject to transfer until July 1, 1997 and thereafter. MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 4.1 Annual Meeting - A regular annual meeting of stockholders shall be held at the City of Syracuse, State of New York, on the first Wednesday of the month of December, or at such other time and place as may be designated by resolution of the board of directors. 4.2 Notice of Annual Meeting - Notice of the time and place of the annual meeting shall be given all stockholders entitled to vote not less than ten (10) days nor more than sixty (60) days before the time of such meeting. 4.3 Special Meeting - A special meeting of stockhold- ers may be called at any time by the chairman, or in his absence by the vice-chairman, or by a majority of the directors or by one percent of the membership by petition in writing. Only such business may be transacted as is specified in the notice of the special meeting. 4.4 Notice of Special Meetings - Notice of special meetings shall be given in the same manner as for the annual meeting and in addition shall state the purpose for which the meeting is called. 4.5 Adjournment and Notice - Any meeting may be adjourned because of the absence of a quorum or for any other reason. If the adjournment is for less than thirty (30) days, no new notice need be given if the time and place of the adjourned meeting is announced at the time of adjournment. If the adjourn- ment is more than thirty (30) days, notice shall be given as required for the original meeting. 4.6 List of Stockholders - A complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at any election of directors, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and stating that each stockholder owns one share shall be prepared at least ten (10) days before such election by  the officer in charge of the stock ledger of the corporation. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the election, at a place within the city where the election is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, and such list shall be produced and kept at the time and place of election during the whole time thereof, and subject to the inspection of any stockholder who may be present. 4.7 Quorum - The presence in person at any meeting of stockholders of the greater of (i) 100 persons each holding a share of $25 par value membership common stock, or (ii) the minimum number of stockholders required under applicable law to establish a quorum, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. The stockholders present at a duly called and held meeting at which a quorum is present may continue to do business until adjournment notwithstanding withdrawal of stockholders. 4.8 Inspectors of Election - There shall be elected each year one Inspector of Election from each of the districts holding nominating meetings for the election of directors. Said Inspectors shall serve at the annual meeting of the corporation following said nominating meetings. The election of each of the Inspectors of Election shall be by a majority of the votes cast at each of said nominating meetings, and the weighted-vote procedure set forth in section 5.3 of these by-laws shall obtain with respect to the election of said Inspectors of Election. Nominations for Inspector of Election shall be made from the floor at said nominating meetings. If less than two of the Inspectors of Election elected pursuant to the provisions of the above paragraph are present at the annual meeting for which they are elected, the Chairman shall appoint one or two members, as required, to serve as Inspectors of Election at said annual meeting so that there shall be at least two members serving as Inspectors of Election at each annual meeting. 4.9 Notice of Stockholder Business - At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conduct- ed as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting, business must be (a) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement there- to) given by or at the direction of the board of directors, (b) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the board of directors, or (c) otherwise properly be requested to be brought before the meeting by a stockholder. For business to be properly requested to be brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the secretary of the corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the corporation not less than ninety (90) days prior to the meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the meeting is not publicly announced by the corporation by mail, press release or otherwise more than ninety (90) days prior to the meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be delivered to the secretary of the corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which such an- nouncement of the date of the meeting was communicated to stock- holders. A stockholder's notice to the secretary shall set forth as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting (a) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conduct- ing such business at the annual meeting, (b) the name and ad- dress, as they appear on the corporation's books, of the stock- holder proposing such business, (c) the class and number of shares of the corporation which are beneficially owned by the stockholder, and (d) any material interest of the stockholder in such business. Notwithstanding anything in the by-laws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at an annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in section 4.9 of these by-laws. The chairman of an annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting and in accordance with the provisions of section 4.9 of these by-laws, and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. 4.10 Director Nominations - Nominations for the elec- tion of directors may be made by the board of directors or a committee appointed by the board of directors or by any stock- holder entitled to vote in the election of directors generally or by the secretary of the corporation pursuant to section 5.3 of these by-laws. However, any stockholder entitled to vote in the election of directors generally may nominate one or more persons for election as directors at a meeting only if written notice of such stockholder's intent to make such nomination or nominations has been given, either by personal delivery or by United States mail, postage prepaid, to the secretary of the corporation not later than (i) with respect to an election to be held at an annual meeting of stockholders, ninety (90) days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting, and (ii) with respect to an election to be held at a special meeting of stockholders for the election of directors, the close of business on the tenth day following the date on which notice of such meeting is first given to stockholders. Each such notice shall set forth: (a) the name and address of the stockholder who intends to make the nomination and of the person or persons to be nominated; (b) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the notice; (c) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the  nomination or nominations are to be made by the stockholder; (d) such other information regarding each nominee proposed by such stockholder as would be required to be included in a proxy statement filed pursuant to the proxy rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission; and (e) the consent of each nominee to serve as a director of the corporation if so elected. The chairman of the meeting may refuse to acknowledge the nomination of a person not made in compliance with the foregoing procedure. 4.11 Order of Business - Unless otherwise determined by the board of directors prior to the meeting, the chairman of the stockholders' meeting shall determine the order of business and shall have the authority in his discretion to regulate the conduct of any such meeting, including, without limitation, by imposing restrictions on the persons (other than stockholders of the corporation or their duly appointed proxies) who may attend any such stockholders' meeting based upon any determination by the chairman, in his sole discretion, that any such person has unduly disrupted or is likely to disrupt the proceedings thereat, and the circumstances in which any person may make a statement or ask questions at any stockholders' meeting. DIRECTORS 5.1 Number and Qualification - The board of directors shall consist of eighteen (18) members until the regular annual meeting of stockholders is held in 1995; thereafter, the board of directors shall consist of seventeen (17) members until the regular annual meeting of stockholders is held in 1997; immedi- ately after the 1997 regular annual stockholders meeting the board of directors shall consist of fifteen (15) members. Direc- tors shall be members of the corporation, except that members who are employees or franchised representatives of the corporation shall not be eligible for election as directors. 5.2 Nomination Districts - The territory in which the corporation operates shall be divided into nomination districts, eighteen (18) in number, described as follows: District 1. State of New York, counties of Cat- taraugus (except for southeast section), Chautauqua, Erie, Genesee, Niagara, Orleans and Wyoming and Towns of Clarkson, Gates, Greece, Hamlin, Ogden, Parma and Sweden located in the county of Monroe; Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, northeast corner of the county of Erie and the northern section of county of Warren. District 2. State of New York, counties of Alle- gany, Cattaraugus (southeast section), Chemung, Livingston, Monroe (except for the Towns of Clarkson, Gates, Greece, Hamlin, Ogden, Parma and Sweden), Ontario, Schuyler, Seneca (except for southern section), Steuben, Wayne and Yates;  Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, northern section of county of McKean and northwest section of county of Potter. District 3. State of New York, counties of Broome, Cayuga, Chenango (except for northwest section), Cortland, (except for northeast section) Delaware (western half), Onondaga (southern half), Seneca (southern section), Tioga, Tompkins and Town of Gilbertsville located in the county of Otsego; Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, northeast section of county of Bradford. District 4. State of New York, counties of Chenango (northwest section), Cortland (northeast section), Herkimer (southern half), Madison, Onei- da, Onondaga (except for the southern half), Oswe- go and Otsego (except for the Town of Gilbertsville). District 5. State of New York, counties of Clin- ton, Essex, Franklin, Hamilton (northern half), Herkimer (northern half), Jefferson, Lewis and St. Lawrence. District 6. State of New York, counties of Alba- ny, Columbia, Delaware (eastern half), Dutchess, Fulton, Greene, Hamilton (southern half), Montgom- ery, Putnam, Rensselaer, Saratoga, Schenectady, Schoharie, Warren and Washington. District 7. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, coun- ties of Berks, Dauphin, Lancaster, Lebanon and Schuylkill. District 8. States of Vermont and New Hampshire. District 9. State of Maine. District 10. States of Connecticut and Rhode Island; and Commonwealth of Massachusetts. District 11. State of New York, New York City and Long Island counties, and counties of Orange, Rockland, Sullivan (except for the Towns of Callicoon, Cochecton, Delaware and Fremont), Ul- ster and Westchester. District 12. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, coun- ties of Bradford (except for northeast section), Lackawanna, Luzerne (northern section), Monroe (northern half), Pike, Sullivan, Susquehanna, Wayne and Wyoming; State of New York, Towns of  Callicoon, Cochecton, Delaware and Fremont located in the county of Sullivan. District 13. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, coun- ties of Cameron, Centre, Clearfield, Clinton, Columbia, Elk, Luzerne (southern section), Lycoming, McKean (except for northern section), Montour, Northumberland, Potter (except for north- west section), Snyder, Tioga and Union. District 14. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, coun- ties of Armstrong, Beaver, Butler, Clarion, Craw- ford, Erie (except for northeast corner), Forest, Jefferson, Lawrence, Mercer, Venango and Warren (except for northern section); and northern Ohio. District 15. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, coun- ties of Allegheny, Bedford, Blair, Cambria, Fayette, Fulton, Greene, Huntingdon, Indiana, Somerset, Washington, and Westmoreland; State of Maryland, counties of Allegany and Garrett; south- ern Ohio and northern West Virginia. District 16. State of New Jersey. District 17. State of Delaware; State of Mary- land, counties of Caroline, Cecil, Dorchester, Kent, Queen Annes, Somerset, Talbot, Wicomico and Worcester; Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, counties of Bucks, Carbon, Chester, Delaware, Lehigh, Mon- roe (southern half), Montgomery, Northampton and Philadelphia. District 18. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, coun- ties of Adams, Cumberland, Franklin, Juniata, Mifflin, Perry and York; State of Maryland, coun- ties of Baltimore, Carroll, Frederick, Harford and Washington. 5.3 Nomination Procedures - District Directors - Each district as defined in section 5.2 of these by-laws shall be subdivided into geographical areas, each to be represented by a member committee, selected in the manner set forth in section 2.8 of these by-laws, which by its chairman or vice chairman shall act for its committee as provided herein. At least one hundred forty (140) days before each annual meeting of the corporation, the chairman of the corporation shall appoint, for each nomina- tion district from which a district director is to be elected at the next annual meeting, a nominating committee for such district consisting of one director of the corporation from outside such district plus a member (preferably a committeeperson) from each member committee area within such district with the total number of members to be not less than four or greater than the number of member committees within such district. Such nominating commit-  tee shall recommend the member it deems best qualified to serve as district director from such district, or if it so chooses, it may recommend two members, both of whom it deems qualified to serve as district director from such district, and shall report such recommendation or recommendations to the chairman of the corporation, who thereupon shall call a meeting of all members of the member committees within such district, at a place and at a time designated by the board of directors. The chairman of the corporation shall designate a chairman and alternate chairman for the meeting so called and the presiding officer thereof shall appoint a secretary. At such a meeting the nominating committee of the district shall present its recommendation or recommenda- tions to the meeting in the form of a nomination. Additional nominations of members residing within the district may be made from the floor. If there is more than one nominee, voting shall be by ballot of the chairman (or his alternate) of each member committee within the district. The vote of each such chairman (or his alternate) shall be weighted by the volume of member business represented by such chairman (or his alternate) in accordance with the following formula: under $250,000, 1 vote; $250,000 to $499,999, 2 votes; $500,000 to $749,999, 3 votes; $750,000 to $999,999, 4 votes; $1,000,000 to $1,999,999, 5 votes; one additional vote for each additional $1,000,000 of member volume. Whoever receives a majority of the votes cast shall be declared the nominee for the district. In case no candidate receives a majority on the first ballot, on each ballot the candidate with the least number of votes will be eliminated until one candidate receives a majority. Immediately after such meeting the secretary thereof shall transmit to the secretary of the corporation a sworn certificate stating the name of such nominee, which shall be placed in nomination at the annual meeting by the secretary of the corporation or his designee. 5.4 Vacancies - (a) Any vacancy on the board of directors occur- ring during the term of any director, caused by death, resignation or otherwise may be filled for the unex- pired portion of the term or until a successor shall be elected by a majority of the directors then in office at any regular or special meeting of the board. If the term of a district director being replaced extends beyond the next annual meeting, the portion of the term following such meeting shall be filled at such meeting by the stockholders in accordance with nomination procedures specified by the board of directors and conforming, as closely as time permits, to the proce- dures set forth in section 5.3 of these by-laws. Any vacancy shall be filled by a person from the same district as the person being replaced.  (b) In case the entire board of directors shall die or resign, any ten (10) stockholders may call a special meeting in the same manner that the chairman may call such a meeting, and directors for the unex- pired terms may be elected at such special meeting in the manner provided for their election at annual meet- ings. 5.5 Place of Meetings - Meetings of the board of directors shall be held at any place which has been designated by the board or by written consent of all members of the board. 5.6 Regular Meetings - Regular meetings of the board of directors may be held at such time and place as may be appointed by the board, which time may be changed from time to time. At the regular meeting of the board of directors in November, the election of officers, including the chairman of the board, the vice-chairman and the president-general manager shall be conduct- ed. 5.7 Special Meetings - A special meeting of the board of directors shall be held whenever called by the chairman, or by the vice- chairman of the board in the absence of the chairman, or by any five (5) directors. Any and all business may be transact- ed at a special meeting. 5.8 Notice of Meetings of Directors - No notice of regular meetings of the directors need be given except that in case of a change in the time for regular meetings written notice of such change shall be given to directors who were not present at the meeting when such change was made. Notice of each special meeting shall be given pursuant to section 13.3 of these by-laws, showing the time and place, at least five (5) days prior to the time of such meeting. 5.9 Adjournment - Notice of time and place of holding an adjourned meeting need not be given to absent directors, if the time and place be fixed at the meeting adjourned and the adjournment is for a period of not more than seven (7) days. 5.10 Quorum - Except as herein provided, a majority of the directors in office shall be necessary to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. In the event of an extreme emergency, including a substantial disruption of communication as a result of a disaster, whether nuclear, labor strike, flood, hurricane or any other cause, making it extremely difficult or impossible to assemble a majority of the board for a duly called meeting, and such emergency has been declared, either by the president, or, in his absence, the chairman of the board, or by the President of the United States, or by any of the Governors of the states in which the corporation does business, a quorum of the board of directors for the transaction of business at a meeting duly called shall not be less than one- third of the directors. 5.11 Compensation of Directors - Directors, as such, shall not receive any stated compensation for their services unless its payment has been first authorized by the board of directors. In addition to an annual retainer, the board of directors may allow a reasonable per diem and expenses for attendance at any meeting of the board or of the executive committee, and any other meeting or official business.  5.12 Removal for Cause - A director may be removed for failure to attend three (3) consecutive meetings of the board without adequate cause, or for other neglect of duty, or for any other cause. Such removal may be effected in either of the following two ways: (a) Removal may be by the vote or consent of the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote at an election of directors; or (b) Removal may be by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the entire board (excluding the director complained of) at any regular or special meeting of the board, following reasonable notice to the director complained of and a hearing by the board of directors; provided, however, that in the event of any such removal, the board of directors, if requested in writing by the director subject to removal within ten (10) days of the removal decision by the board of directors, shall call a special meeting of the stock- holders to confirm or overrule the decision of the board of directors. If the earliest practicable date to hold the special meeting of the stockholders falls within ninety (90) days of the date of the annual meeting as provided in section 4.1 of these by- laws, the matter shall be presented to the stockholders for a vote at the annual meeting. At the meeting of stock- holders at which the question of the removal of the director is presented for a vote, the director com- plained of shall be provided a reasonable opportunity to present his position. The vote of the holders of a majority of the shares, present and voting, entitled to vote at an election of directors shall confirm or overrule the decision of the board of directors. Until such time as the stockholders act on the removal of the director complained of, if the stockholders are re- quired to do so, neither the board of directors nor the stockholders shall fill the vacancy caused by the removal of the director. A vacancy resulting from a vote of the stockhold- ers may be filled by the stockholders at the meeting voting the removal and if not so filled shall be filled by the board of directors as provided in section 5.4 of these by-laws.  POWERS OF DIRECTORS 6.1 General Powers - Subject to the limitations of the certificate of incorporation, of the by-laws and of the statutes of the State of Delaware relating to action which shall be authorized or approved by stockholders, all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the authority of, and the business and affairs of the corporation shall be controlled by, the board of directors. Without prejudice to such general powers, but subject to the same limitations, it is expressly declared that the board of directors shall have the following powers to wit: (a) To control the affairs and business of the corporation and to establish and enforce rules and regulations not inconsistent with the laws of the State of Delaware, the certificate of incorporation or by- laws, for the guidance of its officers and the manage- ment and conduct of its affairs and business. (b) To borrow money and incur indebtedness for corporate purposes, and to cause to be executed and delivered therefor, in the corporate name, promissory notes, bonds, debentures, deeds of trust, mortgages, pledges, hypothecations and other evidences of indebt- edness and securities therefor, and to do every act and thing necessary to effectuate the same. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD 7.1 Executive & Planning Committee - An executive and planning committee may be established by resolution passed by a majority of the whole board, to consist of such number of direc- tors as may be specified, which shall have and may exercise, in the intervals between meetings of the board, the powers of the board of directors, including the power to authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. 7.2 Other Committees of the Board - Other committees may be established, from time to time, by resolution of the board specifying the number of members and prescribing the committee functions and duties. OFFICERS AND MANAGEMENT 8.1 Corporate Officers - The officers of the corpora- tion shall be elected by the board of directors and shall be a chairman of the board, a vice-chairman, a president-general manager, one or more vice-presidents, a secretary, a controller, a treasurer and a general counsel. The board may also appoint any other corporate officers whom the board of directors may see fit in its discretion to designate. The chairman of the board and the vice-chairman shall be elected by the directors from their number. The president-general manager shall recommend employee officers to the board of directors.  8.2 Election and Term of Office - Officers shall be elected annually at the first meeting of the board of directors following the annual meeting of stockholders, or at such other time as the board of directors shall determine. Unless sooner removed by the board of directors, or unless they resign or become disqualified, all officers shall hold office until their successors are chosen and have qualified. Any officer, whether elected or appointed by the board of directors, may be removed at any time by a majority vote of all of the directors. 8.3 Powers and Duties - Subject at all times to the control and direction of the board of directors, the president- general manager shall conduct the business of the corporation in accordance with its purposes, and shall have administrative authority over all personnel, including employee officers, in the employ of the corporation; and each other corporate officer shall have and exercise the powers and duties usual to his office or delegated to him by the board of directors. 8.4 Compensation of Officers - Officers shall each receive such compensation as may be fixed by the directors. The president-general manager shall recommend compensation for employee officers to the board of directors. 8.5 Vacancies - A vacancy occurring in any office may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office at any regular or special meeting of the board. 8.6 Checks, Bills and Notes - All checks, drafts, bills of exchange, notes, orders for the payment of money and other negotiable instruments of the corporation shall be made in the name of the corporation, and shall be signed by any one of the following: the president, any vice president, the secretary, treasurer, controller, or any assistant secretary, assistant treasurer or assistant controller. The board of directors may also delegate to other officers or agents the power to sign or countersign such instruments. No officers or agents of the corporation singly or jointly with others shall have the power to make any bill payable, note or check or other negotiable instru- ment or endorse the same in the name of the corporation, or contract or cause to be contracted any debt or liability in the name or on behalf of the corporation, except as provided in these by-laws, and as authorized by the board of directors. Bills of exchange, checks,notes and other negotiable instruments received by the corporation shall be endorsed for collection by such officers or agents as may be designated by the board of directors for that purpose. PATRONAGE ACCOUNTING 9.1 Scope of Patronage Refund Provisions - The provi- sions of sections 9.2-9.5 of these by-laws provide for patronage refunds only with respect to that portion of the corporation's business consisting of sales of farm supplies. Patronage re-  funds, if any, with respect to marketing operations will be paid only pursuant to marketing contracts with members and contract patrons providing for the payment of such refunds. 9.2 Definitions - As used in sections 9.2-9.5 of these by-laws: (a) Member - The term "member" includes any member of the corporation as defined in section 1.2(c) of these by-laws and also any person who has entered into a patronage refund contract with the corporation as authorized by section 9.5 of these by-laws. The term "non-member" refers to any person who is not a member as that term is defined in the preceding sen- tence. (b) Net Margin - The "net margin" of the corpora- tion shall be taxable income from sales of farm sup- plies for the fiscal year, as computed for federal income tax purposes, but without taking into account any deductions for patronage refunds. (c) Member Margin - "Member margin" shall be that portion of the net margin derived from sales of farm supplies to members, determined by multiplying the net margin by the percentage of gross purchasing volume which is attributable to sales of farm supplies to members. (d) Volume Subject to Refund - "Volume subject to refund" is the gross volume of the corporation from sales of farm supplies for any fiscal year, reduced by that portion of such volume attributable to business with non-members, and increased by the average percent- age mark-up necessary to reflect an equivalent volume at the retail level. (e) Member's Pro Rata Share - Each "member's pro rata share" of any refund or reserve shall be computed by multiplying the amount or volume subject to refund attributable to such member by a percentage determined by dividing the total refund or reserve to be allocat- ed, as the case may be, by the total amount of volume subject to refund. (f) Patronage Refund - The term "patronage re- fund" shall include a patronage refund or rebate or any amount paid to a patron pursuant to section 9.5 of these by-laws on the basis of business done with or for such a patron. 9.3 Reasonable Reserves - The board of directors may set aside each fiscal year, from the net margin of the corpora- tion, such amounts as the board of directors in its discretion  deems necessary for the efficient prosecution of the corpora- tion's business, provided however, that no amounts shall be set aside which are not reasonable in amount, giving due regard to the purposes thereof (such amounts being sometimes hereinafter referred to as "reasonable reserves"). Any reserves set aside pursuant to section 9.3 of these by-laws shall be allocated first to all net earnings, as defined in (ii) of section 9.4 of these by-laws, of the corporation other than member margin and, to the extent that such reserves exceed such net earnings, to member margin. Such reasonable reserves may be used for such proper corporate purposes as shall be determined by the board of direc- tors, including, but not limited to the accumulation of working capital, contributions to sinking funds to meet future indebted- ness, payment of Federal income and excess profits taxes, acqui- sition of funds for expansion or replacement, or accumulations of reserves to offset price declines. The corporation shall main- tain records sufficient to afford permanent means for apportion- ing to each member his pro rata share of all amounts retained by the corporation as reasonable reserves for each fiscal year. 9.4 Dividends on Capital Stock - The board of direc- tors may set aside each fiscal year from funds available therefor such amounts as the board deems appropriate for payment as dividends on issued and outstanding capital stock. Such amounts shall be allocated pro rata between (i) member margin and (ii) all other net earnings of the corporation (including both net margin derived from purchasing business conducted with non- members, and earnings not derived from purchasing). 9.5 Payment of Patronage Refunds - (a) Obligation to Pay Patronage Refunds - The corporation shall be obligated, as soon as practicable after the close of each fiscal year and in no event later than 8 and one half months after the close thereof, to pay each member in cash as a patronage refund his pro rata share of all member margin remaining after deducting amounts, if any, set aside therefrom by the board of directors (1) as reasonable reserves pursuant to sec- tion 9.3 of these by-laws and (2) for payment as divi- dends on issued and outstanding capital stock pursuant to section 9.4 of these by-laws; provided that the amount of patronage refunds thus determined shall be increased or decreased to the extent necessary to enable the obligation for the payment of such refunds to be expressed as a percentage of volume. (b) Minimum Payment of Patronage Refunds - Not- withstanding the provisions of paragraph (a) of section 9.5 of these by-laws, the board of directors shall fix and/or amend from time to time the minimum amount which shall be paid as a patronage refund and any amount less than that so fixed shall not be distributed to the member entitled thereto (unless he claims it in cash)  but shall be retained by the corporation as through it were part of a reasonable reserve set aside pursuant to section 9.3 of these by-laws. (c) Obligation to Pay Patronage Refunds Absolute- The corporation shall be absolutely liable for the payment of patronage refunds as provided herein without further action on the part of any officer or of the board of directors. (d) Place of Purchase Immaterial - Each member shall be entitled to his respective pro rata share of any patronage refunds paid with respect to Agway dis- tributed goods, regardless of where such goods were purchased. The corporation shall enter into such contracts, undertakings and understandings with Agway agent-buyers, local representatives and local coopera- tives as may be necessary and proper to insure that each member will receive his pro rata share of such refunds. 9.6 Contract Patrons - The board of directors may authorize the appropriate officers and/or employees of the corporation to contract to pay and to pay patronage refunds to patrons other than the members as defined in section 1.2(c) of these by-laws, provided the amounts of such patronage refunds are determined upon the same basis and under the same terms and conditions as those of such members, and provided further that any such contract shall be entered into prior to the accumulation of any gross receipts subject to the charge of such patronage refunds. MARKETING 10.1 Marketing Contracts - The terms and conditions under which agricultural products of members shall be marketed may be established by marketing contracts to be executed by the corporation and its members on an individual commodity or commod- ity group basis, not inconsistent with the provisions of these by-laws. (11.1 - Intentionally left blank) INDEMNIFICATION 12.1 To the fullest extent possible under the provi- sions of the Delaware General Corporation Law and in the manner provided for thereunder, the corporation shall indemnify any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation or any person who is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise.  MISCELLANEOUS 13.1 Principal Office - The principal office of the corporation in the State of Delaware shall be located at 1209 Orange Street in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle. 13.2 Other Offices - The principal office outside the State of Delaware shall be at DeWitt, New York. The corporation may also have an office or offices at such other place or places, within or without the State of Delaware as the board of directors may from time to time appoint, or the business of the corporation may require. 13.3 Method of Giving Notice - Whenever in these by- laws notice is required to be given, it may be given by any one or more of the following methods: (a) Delivered personally; or (b) Written notice either deposited in the mail postage prepaid or sent by telegraph, addressed to the residence or place of business of the person to be notified as the same shall appear on the records of the corporation; or (c) To members or stockholders by publication in any corporation bulletin or other periodical mailed to members or stockholders; or (d) Any other means permitted under applicable law. 13.4 Waiver of Notice - The transactions of any meeting of the board of directors or any committee however called and noticed or wherever held, shall be as valid as though had at a meeting duly held, after regular call and notice, if a quorum be present, and if, either before or after the meeting, each of the directors or committee members not present signs a written waiver of notice or a consent to holding such meeting. All such waivers or consents shall be filed with the corporate records or made a part of the minutes of the meeting. 13.5 Effect of Holiday - If the time designated herein for any meeting shall fall upon a legal holiday, then any such meeting shall be held on the next day following which is not a holiday. 13.6 Fiscal Year - The fiscal year of the corporation shall extend from July 1 to June 30 following. 13.7 Seal - The seal of the corporation shall be circular in form and shall have inscribed thereon the name of the corporation, the year of organization and the words: "Corporate Seal, Delaware."  13.8 Amendments - These by-laws may be amended or repealed or new by-laws adopted as follows: (a) At any meeting of stockholders, by a vote of a majority of the stockholders present and voting, provided that the notice of the meeting shall have set forth the substance of the proposed amendment, repeal or new by-law provision upon which the vote is taken, or (b) By vote of two-thirds of the directors in office.  EX-12 3 EXHIBIT 12  Computation of Ratio of Margins to Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividends Combined  Represents adjusted net margins divided by fixed charges and preferred dividends.  EX-13 4  EXHIBIT 13  UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C 20549 FORM 10-Q (Mark One) X QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES - - - - - - - - -- EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended September 30, 1993 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES - - - - - - - - -- EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to ------ ------- Commission file number 2-22791 AGWAY INC.  - - - - - - - - -------------------------------------------------------------------- (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) DELAWARE 15-0277720 - - - - - - - - -------------------------------------------------------------------- (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 333 Butternut Drive, DeWitt, New York 13214 - - - - - - - - -------------------------------------------------------------------- (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 315-449-6431 - - - - - - - - -------------------------------------------------------------------- (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No ----- ------ Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.   Agway is a taxpaying corporation founded on cooperative principles. Membership is limited to farmers and each may hold only one share of common stock.  AGWAY INC. INDEX PAGE NO. PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheet September 30, 1993 and June 30, 1993 . . . . . . . . 3 Consolidated Condensed Statement of Operations and Retained Margin for the three months ended September 30, 1993 and September 30, 1992. . . 4 Consolidated Condensed Cash Flow Statement for the three months ended September 30, 1993 and September 30, 1992 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5 Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements . . . . 6 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. . . . 9 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item #3 - - Legal Proceedings. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .13 Item #4 - - Results of Votes of Securities Holders . . . . .13 Item #6 - - Exhibits and Reports on Form 8-K . . . . . . . .13 Signatures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .14  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars)  Total assets. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1,151,822 $ 1,204,764 ============== ============== LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Current Liabilities: Notes payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 52,200 $ 70,600 Current installments of long-term debt and subordinated debt. . 60,760 66,039 Accounts payable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 75,568 95,735 Other current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 114,433 132,773 -------------- -------------- Total current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 302,961 365,147 Long- term debt. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 142,484 150,107 Subordinated debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 392,301 379,619 Other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 113,970 114,490 Preferred stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 71,009 53,474 Common stock. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2,785 2,790 Paid-in capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6,314 7,350 Retained margin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 119,998 131,787 -------------- -------------- Total liabilities and shareholders' equity. . . . . . . . . $ 1,151,822 $ 1,204,764 ============== ============== See accompanying notes to consolidated condensed financial statements.  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND RETAINED MARGIN (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) See accompanying notes to consolidated condensed financial statements.  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED CASH FLOW STATEMENT (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) 1. OPINION In the opinion of the Company, the accompanying unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements contain all adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring accruals) necessary to present fairly its consolidated financial position as of September 30, 1993, and June 30, 1993, and its consolidated results of operations and retained margin for the three months ended September 30, 1993 and 1992 and consolidated cash flow statement for the three months ended September 30, 1993 and 1992. All subsidiaries of continuing operations are wholly owned and are included in the consolidated financial statements, and all significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Additionally, certain reclassifications have been made to conform comparative financial statement information with the current period presentation. 2. AGWAY FINANCIAL CORPORATION Summarized financial information for Agway Financial Corporation and Consolidated Subsidiaries is as follows:  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) 3. SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES ABOUT OPERATING CASH FLOWS During the fiscal year ended June 30, 1993, 46 local cooperative affiliates were acquired, and during fiscal 1994, 5 additional local cooperative affiliates were acquired. Three of these cooperatives were merged into Agway during the first and second quarters of fiscal 1993, 43 were acquired during the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 1993, and 5 were merged in the first quarter of fiscal 1994, for a total purchase price of $20,700 plus certain liabilities assumed of $16,300. Payment for these acquisitions was made in the first quarter of fiscal 1994 and settled in the form of cash ($4,800) and restricted preferred stock, par value, ($15,900). Certain other supplemental disclosures are as follows: Schedule of Restructuring Activities: 4. POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS Generally, employees retiring from the company on or after age 55 who have had at least 20 years of service are provided postretirement health care benefits and life insurance coverage, subject to deductibles, co-payment provisions, and other limitations. As of January 1, 1993, management amended the existing program to provide program participants with two options which differ only in cost- sharing arrangements and deductible levels. The amendment had the effect of reducing the cost of these programs to the Company in 1993 and prospectively. The costs are funded as payment is due. In December 1990, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions." This standard requires companies to accrue postretirement benefits during the years employees are working and earning benefits for retirement. The provisions of SFAS No. 106 permit the transition obligation to be either recognized immediately, as a cumulative effect of an accounting change, or on a delayed basis over the program participants' future service periods (20 year maximum).  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) 4. POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS (continued) Effective July 1, 1993, the Company adopted the standard and began amortizing the transition obligation over 20 years. The annual impact on pre-tax health care, and life insurance benefits expense, after adoption, is in excess of the prior method by approximately $3,900, which equates to approximately $1,000 for the first quarter. The following table is presented in accordance with SFAS No. 106, and sets forth the program's funded status and amounts to be recognized in the Company's consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994. In determining the actuarial present values of the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation, the weighted average discount was 8%. The future salary increase is age-related and ranges from 10.5% for lower ages to 4.8% for higher ages. The assumed health care cost trend rate used to measure the expected cost of benefits for the next year was 8% for persons under age 65 and for dental, and 9% for persons over age 65. Medical trends for fiscal 1995 and forward decrease .4% to .7% until the year 2002 where the trend rate is then fixed at 5%. For each one percentage point increase in the assumed health care cost trend rate, the aggregate service and interest cost components of net periodic expense would rise $800, and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation would increase $6,500.  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) Parenthetical numbers in the following narrative have been rounded to the nearest hundred thousand. Restructuring of Operations In fiscal 1992, the Company initiated Customer Driven: 1995 (the "Project") to restructure the Company to better focus on its members and customers and to re-engineer the Company's business processes to improve future profitability. Implementation of Project strategies has and will continue to have a significant impact on the markets served, assets utilized, and operating practices of the Agriculture & Consumer and Energy groups, as well as on the administrative functions. During the quarter under review, and as indicated in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1993, Company management has continued implementation of the Project and details of certain of these strategies will be reviewed in the following segment discussions. Discontinued Operations On March 23, 1993, the Agway Board of Directors authorized management to sell the Company's 34% interest in Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. (Curtice Burns Foods) and 99% interest in H. P. Hood Inc. (Hood). Management and the Board have a plan for the divestiture of these operations, and expect to finalize the sales transactions by the end of fiscal 1994. Accordingly, these operations are reflected as discontinued operations. Agway's decision to make these sales is part of the overall strategic plan of focusing on its agriculture, consumer, energy, insurance, and leasing businesses.  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION (continued) (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) Discontinued Operations (continued) Management continues to implement its plan of divestiture. On October 13, 1993, Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. signed a definitive agreement, with the approval of Pro-Fac Cooperative Inc. (Pro-Fac), to sell the oats portion of the National Oats business. Pro-Fac and Curtice Burns Foods are negotiating a definitive agreement with respect to Curtice Burns Food's sale of the Hiland Potato Chip business to the Weaver Potato Chip Company. These transactions are expected to close by the end of calendar 1993. Agriculture & Consumer Group Project initiatives for fiscal 1993 for the Agriculture & Consumer group were primarily focused on transferring the marketing, sales and related operating assets of agricultural sales, previously conducted through retail operations, to Agriculture hubs and dedicated customer service centers. This transition was completed in fiscal 1993 in New England and Pennsylvania and is currently nearing completion in New York, the final region to transition. An additional initiative focused on merging 51 local store cooperatives into Agway, which, when completed, will serve to increase sales and asset levels. Fiscal 1994 initiatives for the Group center around streamlining current operations through reviews of supply chain management, product category management, and warehousing systems; closing, consolidating, or converting facilities to focus assets and capital in selected markets and eliminate duplication; and sales enhancement through customer service and quality reviews. The fiscal 1993 initiatives were primarily done to improve customer service, knowing that certain of these changes would increase costs at least during the period of transition until cost reduction strategies can be implemented. The 1994 initiatives focus on detail plans for future implementation of strategies for expense control and sales enhancement anticipated to improve future year results of operations. First quarter net sales and revenues for Agriculture & Consumer of $223,800 represent an increase of $9,100 (4.2%) from the first quarter of the previous year. Most of this increase is generated from the mergers of local store cooperatives into Agway primarily during the fourth quarter of fiscal 1993. These increases were somewhat offset by reduced seed revenues due to the divestiture of two seed subsidiaries in fiscal 1993. Feed and crop tonnage was up as customers continue to respond favorably to the new Agriculture hub and customer service center strategies. Sales of Consumer yard and garden products showed improvement over the prior year due to a mixture of promotions and favorable weather conditions. Operating losses of $10,100 for the first quarter for the segment increased $7,500 compared to an operating loss of $2,600 for the first quarter a year ago. A major reason for this increase in losses is increases in operating expenses due to mergers of local store cooperatives into Agway, as the seasonality of these operations provides proportionately more revenues in the fourth quarter. Further incremental costs, previously discussed, were being incurred from the Project initiatives implemented in fiscal 1993 which, through the transition period, depress operating results. Gross margins as a percentage of sales for the Group rose from 10.7% to 11.5% due to improvements in Agriculture and Consumer Retail, offset by declines in Consumer Wholesale and Country Foods.  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION (continued) (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) Energy Group Project initiatives for fiscal 1993 for the Energy Group were primarily focused on divestitures of retail locations to focus assets and capital in selected markets. Additionally in 1993, sales to commercial accounts were refocused away from price-oriented accounts to service-oriented businesses. As expected, these initiatives decreased sales volume, but had a favorable impact on realized per unit gross margins. Additional Project initiatives for 1994 include implementation of operational efficiency and asset management strategies, such as centralized credit management, simplified data entry procedures, and mutually beneficial supplier agreements. Energy segment net sales and revenues of $105,800 for the first quarter declined $33,200 (23.9%) compared to first quarter of last year. $12,800 of this decrease is attributable to divestitures which occurred throughout fiscal 1993 and reduced volumes of business with low-margin, high-volume commercial customers. Average selling prices declined 8.8% which also contributed to the sales decrease, due to an over-production of oil in an already saturated world market, and a weakened demand. Total volume for all product lines was off 21.8 million gallons (15.3%) compared to the first quarter of the prior year, comprised of reductions due to divestitures of 11.6 million gallons as well as reductions in all product lines due primarily to the commercial refocus. Despite the volume declines, the Energy group posted an improvement in net operating margins of $1,100 (19.4%) in comparison to the first quarter of last year. The improvement was primarily a result of gross margin improving from 22.4% to 25.6% across all product categories due to the refocus away from price- oriented commercial business to service-oriented businesses, as well as a reduction in distribution expenses due primarily to asset divestitures. Financial Services Group For segment reporting purposes, the Financial Services Group consists of Telmark Inc., Agway Insurance Company, and Agway General Agency, Inc. Net sales and revenues for the Financial Services Group of $15,700 were $2,500 (13.9%) below those for the same period of last year. Telmark experienced a slight decrease in net sales and revenues of $200 (2.6%), and the Insurance Group showed a decrease of $2,300 (23.4%). The Agway Insurance Company revenue is down $1,300 due to termination of a reinsurance assumed contract, $300 from reduced investment income and $200 from changes in reinsurance ceded treaties. Agway General Agency Inc. revenues are down $500 due to reduced commissions on a declining base of the Agway member group health insurance plan. Current year operating margins for the Financial Services Group of $1,700 reflect a decrease of $500 (23.4%) when compared to the same three months of last year. Telmark operating margins are reduced by $200. The $1,300 revenue decline from the reinsurance termination was offset by an equal reduction in costs and expenses with no impact on operating margin. The Agway Insurance Company revenue reductions were offset by a $600 reduction in loss and loss adjustment expenses for a $100 net improvement in operating margin. The Agway General Agency, Inc. commission reduction reduces operating margin by $500.  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION (continued) (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) Other Items The increase in other item net expenses of $900 for the current quarter compared to the first quarter of last year principally is a result of reduced interest revenues due to the elimination of a note receivable from Hood, and increased operating expenses for postretirement health and life insurance benefits, and information services consulting fees incurred for Project work, partially offset by increased pension revenues. Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash flows from continuing operations for three months ended September 30, 1993 showed a net cash inflow of $38,500 as opposed to a cash inflow of $14,100 for the first quarter of last year resulting in an overall change of $24,400. This overall change was primarily a result of higher June 1993 Agriculture & Consumer inventories and receivables due to the late spring, which were reduced during the first quarter of the current fiscal year. Net cash outflows for the three month ended September 30, 1993 of $10,700 from investing activities from continuing operations compares to net outflows of $11,900 for the same period last year. These outflows in both years were principally the result of net growth in Telmark's lease portfolio. As a result of increased net cash flows from continuing operations in the current year, short-term borrowings were reduced $18,400. Increased short-term borrowing in the prior year resulted from decreased prior year operating cash flows as well as for redemption of $8,200 of capital stock. The Company finances its operations and the operations of all its continuing businesses and subsidiaries, except Telmark and Agway Insurance Company, through Agway Financial Corporation (AFC). Telmark and Agway Insurance Company finance themselves through operations or direct borrowing arrangements. Each business unit is financed with a combination of short- and long-term credit facilities as appropriate. External sources of short- term financing for Agway and all its continuing operations include revolving credit lines, letters of credit, and commercial paper programs. Sources of longer term financing include borrowings from banks and insurance companies, subordinated debt, and capital leases. In addition, Telmark has occasionally sold blocks of its lease portfolio and in October 1993, filed a Form S-1 Registration Statement with the Securities & Exchange Commission with respect to a future offer by it of $25,000 unsecured debt to the public. The unsecured debt to be offered by Telmark will not be guaranteed by Agway nor any of Agway's other subsidiaries. At September 30, 1993, total short- term credit availability was $158,000 compared to $159,000 at September 30, 1992. Borrowings outstanding at September 30, 1993, totalled $52,200. Available lines of credit by borrowing entity as of September 30, 1993 are as follows: AFC - $85,000; and Telmark - $23,000. In addition, AFC may issue up to $50,000 of commercial paper under the terms of a separate agreement, backed by a letter of credit. The AFC agreements, as amended in June 1993, cover the period through December 31, 1993 and are scheduled for renegotiation in the fall of 1993 for calendar 1994. Certain events as defined within the existing agreements could lead to creditors acquiring collateral rights in certain accounts receivable and non-petroleum inventories of the Company. The events that have been defined to generate the assumption of these collateral rights are projected by the Company to occur by November or December 1993. Should such events occur and lenders choose to exercise their right for collateralization, sufficient collateral is available to provide lines of credit availability that are adequate to meet the Company's needs. In addition, the agreements include certain covenants, the most restrictive of which require the Company to maintain specific monthly levels of interest coverage and tangible net worth. The Company currently anticipates the interest coverage covenant, as currently defined, will not be met in the months of November nor December 1993. If the interest coverage covenant is violated in November or December 1993, and is continuing, the Company may be held in default of the existing agreements with creditors. The company has ongoing communication with its lenders and despite the possibility of these occurrences, it is management's expectation that appropriate and adequate lines of credit will be negotiated for 1994 and that appropriate amendments to existing credit facilities will be made if necessary.  PART II. OTHER INFORMATION AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES (Thousands of Dollars) Item 3, Legal Proceedings In February 1988, Agway leased a feed mill located in Woodridge, New York from Inter-County Farmers Cooperative Association, Inc. Agway manufactured horse, poultry, and dairy feed at the feed mill. In early July 1989, due to a mechanical malfunction, some horse feed manufactured at the feed mill was contaminated with Monensin, a feed medication used with poultry and dairy feed but which is harmful to horses. Agway immediately recalled the contaminated horse feed and contacted regulatory agencies, including the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA). As a result of eating the contaminated horse feed, a number of horses located in the State of New Jersey died or were damaged. The majority of claims made by owners of the affected horses have been settled. As of October 31, 1993, there were three lawsuits pending which were filed by horse owners against Agway: Anthony D. Nini, et al. v. Agway Inc., et al., filed on October 24, 1990 in the Superior Court of New Jersey for Mercer County; John Kolkowski, et al. v. Agway Inc., et al., filed on July 3, 1990 in the Supreme Court of the State of New York for Westchester County; Orlando R. Petrocelli v. Agway Inc., et al., filed on August 5, 1991 in the Superior Court of New Jersey for Mercer County. Each of these lawsuits include claims for money damages. In the beginning of October 1993, two previously pending lawsuits by horse owners against Agway, Michael M. Selesnick, et al. v. Agway Inc., et al., filed on June 15, 1990 in the Superior Court of New Jersey for Monmouth County; and Lisa Popik, et al. v. Agway Inc., filed September 20, 1990 in the Superior Court of New Jersey for Middlesex County, were settled. Agway agreed to pay Lisa Popik, et al. $65 and Michael M. Selesnick, et al. $10. The FDA conducted an investigation of the incident and referred the matter to the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) to consider institution of criminal proceedings. Agway has had an opportunity to present its views to the DOJ on why criminal proceedings should not be instituted and the DOJ and FDA are discussing with Agway resolution of issues resulting from the FDA investigation. Agway believes the pending lawsuits and the FDA investigation will be satisfactorily resolved and any adjustments will not be material in relation to the consolidated financial position of Agway. Item 4, Results of Votes of Security Holders On July 1, 1993, the Company's common stockholders were requested to appoint a proxy to elect six nominees to the Company's Board of Directors at the annual stockholders meeting scheduled December 1, 1993. Item 6(b), Reports on Form 8-K There were no reports on Form 8-K required to be filed during the first quarter ended September 30, 1993. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. AGWAY INC. (registrant) Date: November 12, 1993 PETER J. O'NEILL (signature) Senior Vice President Corporate Finance and Control (Principal Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer) UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C 20549 FORM 10-Q (Mark One) X QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES - - - - - - - - --- EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended December 31, 1993 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to -------------- -------------- Commission file number 2-22791 AGWAY INC.  - - - - - - - - --------------------------------------------------------------------------- (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) DELAWARE 15-0277720 - - - - - - - - --------------------------------------------------------------------------- (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 333 Butternut Drive, DeWitt, New York 13214 - - - - - - - - --------------------------------------------------------------------------- (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 315-449-6431 - - - - - - - - --------------------------------------------------------------------------- (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No --- --- Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.   Agway is a taxpaying corporation founded on cooperative principles. Membership is limited to farmers and each may hold only one share of common stock.  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES INDEX PAGE NO. -------- PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1993 and June 30, 1993 . . . . . . . . . 3 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Retained Margin for the three months and six months ended December 31, 1993 and December 31, 1992 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4 Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statements for the six months ended December 31, 1993 and December 31, 1992 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements . . . . . . 6 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . . . . . . . 9 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Securities Holders. 14 Item 6. Exhibits and Reports on Form 8-K. . . . . . . . . . . .14 SIGNATURES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .15  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Thousands of Dollars) Note: The balance sheet at June 30, 1993 has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date but does not include all the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND RETAINED MARGIN (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 5 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the three- and six-month periods ended December 31, 1993 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ended June 30, 1994. For further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 1993. Certain amounts have been reclassified in the June 30, 1993 condensed consolidated balance sheet to conform to the December 31, 1993 presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on the working capital or shareholders' equity of the Corporation. 2. AGWAY FINANCIAL CORPORATION Summarized financial information for Agway Financial Corporation and Consolidated Subsidiaries is as follows:  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) 3. SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES ABOUT OPERATING CASH FLOWS  December 31, ------------------------------------ 1993 1992 ------------- --------------  Additional disclosure of operating cash flows: Cash paid during the period for: Interest. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 17,417 $ 19,219 ============= ============== Income taxes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 6,511 $ 8,232 ============= ============== During the fiscal year ended June 30, 1993, 46 local cooperative affiliates were acquired, and during fiscal 1994, 5 additional local cooperative affiliates were acquired. Three of these cooperatives were merged into Agway during the first and second quarters of fiscal 1993, 43 were acquired during the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 1993, 3 were merged in the first quarter of fiscal 1994 and 2 were merged in the second quarter fiscal 1994, for a total purchase price of $21,500 plus certain liabilities assumed of $17,100. Settlement for the acquisitions was consummated in the six-month period ended December 31, 1993 in the form of cash ($5,000) and restricted preferred stock, 6%, $100 par value, ($16,500). Certain other supplemental disclosures are as follows: Schedule of Restructuring Activities: 4. BORROWING ARRANGEMENTS The Company renegotiated and renewed certain of its bank loan agreements through October 28, 1994. Adequate lines of credit of $149,250 are available to the Company under the new agreements as compared to lines of credit of $158,000 in the prior agreements. This includes retention of a commercial paper facility of $50,000. These agreements, upon the occurrence of certain defined events, give the lenders the right to perfect a security interest in certain of the Company's accounts receivables and non-petroleum inventories. In addition, the agreements include certain covenants, the most restrictive of which requires to Company to maintain specific monthly levels of interest coverage and tangible net worth.  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) 5. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES The Company is subject to various investigations, claims, and legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters that arise in the ordinary course of its business activities. In addition, the Company is conducting a number of environmental investigations and remedial actions at current and former Company locations and, along with other companies, has been named a potentially responsible party for certain waste disposal sites. Each of these matters is subject to various uncertainties, and it is possible that some of these matters may be resolved unfavorably to the Company. The Company has established accruals for matters for which payment is probable and amounts reasonably estimable. Management believes any liability that may ultimately result from the resolution of these matters in excess of amounts provided will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position or results of operations of the Company.  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The Company's net sales and revenues and operating results are significantly impacted by seasonal fluctuations due to the nature of its operations and the geographic location of its service area, which is defined primarily as the Northeastern United States. Agriculture and Consumer Group net sales and revenues are traditionally higher in the third and fourth quarters as customers initiate the growing season. Correspondingly, the Company's Energy Group realizes significantly higher net sales and revenues in the second and third quarters due to the cold winter conditions in the Northeast. The Financial Services Group is generally not impacted by seasonal fluctuations. Parenthetical numbers in the following narrative have been rounded to the nearest hundred thousand. Restructuring of Operations - - - - - - - - --------------------------- In fiscal 1992, the Company initiated Customer Driven: 1995 (the "Project") to restructure the Company to better focus on its members and customers and to re-engineer the Company's business processes to improve future profitability. Implementation of Project strategies has and will continue to have a significant impact on the markets served, assets utilized, and operating practices of the Agriculture & Consumer and Energy groups, as well as on administrative functions. During the quarter under review, and as indicated in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1993, Company management has continued implementation of the Project and details of certain of these strategies will be reviewed in the following segment discussions. Discontinued Operations - - - - - - - - ----------------------- On March 23, 1993, the Agway Board of Directors authorized management to sell the Company's 34% interest in Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. (Curtice Burns Foods) and 99% interest in H. P. Hood Inc. (Hood). Management and the Board are actively pursuing their plan to sell these investments in fiscal 1994. Accordingly, these operations are reflected as discontinued operations. Agway's decision to make these sales is part of the overall strategic plan  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued) (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) Discontinued Operations (continued) - - - - - - - - ---------------------------------- of focusing on its agriculture, consumer, energy, insurance, and leasing businesses. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 1993, Curtice Burns initiated a restructuring program. As part of that program, in the quarter ended December 1993, Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. completed the sale of two businesses, the oats portion of the National Oats business and the Hiland Potato Chip business, and continues to pursue the sale of a third business, Curtice Burns Meat Snacks. Agriculture & Consumer Group - - - - - - - - ---------------------------- Project initiatives for fiscal 1993 for the Agriculture & Consumer Group were primarily focused on transferring the marketing, sales and related operating assets of agricultural products, previously conducted through retail operations, to agricultural hubs and dedicated customer service centers. This transition was completed in fiscal 1993 in New England and Pennsylvania and recently was completed in New York, the final region to transition. An additional initiative focused on merging 51 local store cooperatives into Agway, which was essentially completed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 1993, will serve to increase sales and asset levels. Fiscal 1994 initiatives for the Group center around streamlining operating and administrative processes through reviews of supply chain management, product category management, and warehousing systems; closing, consolidating, or converting facilities to focus assets and capital in selected markets and eliminate duplication; and sales enhancement through customer service and quality reviews. The fiscal 1993 initiatives were intended to improve customer service, knowing that certain of these changes would increase costs at least during the period of transition until cost reduction strategies can be implemented. The 1994 initiatives focus on detail plans for future implementation of strategies for expense control and sales enhancement anticipated to improve future year results of operations. Net sales and revenues for the second quarter of fiscal 1994 of $212,300 and for the six months to date of $436,100 increased $22,000 (11.5%) and $31,000 (7.7%), respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior fiscal year. The increases are primarily attributed to the Group's consumer business which included the merger of local store cooperatives into Agway, and to an increase in the second quarter for its food distribution unit which realized increased revenues of $11,000 due to a strong market, combined with modest price increases. Revenues for the Group's agricultural businesses, crop and feed input items, also improved slightly over the preceding periods due to volume and price increases. Operating losses for the second quarter of fiscal 1994 of $14,600 and for the six months to date of $24,700 increased $8,100 and $15,700, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior fiscal year. The Group experiences seasonal fluctuations in its business and incurs losses in the first six months of the year and gains in the second six months. In fiscal 1994, these losses have been further accentuated due to (i) the merger of 51 store corporations into Agway which now defers the recognition of a certain portion of its margins until goods are sold to the end user (previously these margins were recognized as wholesale margins at the time inventory was sold to the store corporation), (ii) incremental costs associated with the Company's Project initiatives which include expanding the Company's sales force and the establishment of agricultural hubs and dedicated customer service centers, and (iii) depressed gross margins across the Group's selected product lines due to higher raw material prices, a change in product mix, and competitive pricing in the marketplace. The Company expects to benefit from the merged store corporations as they will provide additional retail margins and increased sales in the second half of the year as the spring growing season commences. Furthermore, the increasing costs associated with the Project initiatives tend to be fixed throughout the year, while incremental revenues realized from Project initiatives will tend to follow the seasonal sales pattern and be more fully realized in the second half of the year as the spring growing season commences.  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued) (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) Energy Group - - - - - - - - ------------ Project initiatives for fiscal 1993 for the Energy Group were primarily divestitures of retail locations in an effort to focus assets and capital in selected markets. In addition, sales to commercial accounts were refocused away from price-oriented accounts to service-oriented businesses. As expected, these initiatives decreased sales volume, but had a favorable impact on gross margins. Project initiatives for fiscal 1994 include implementation of operational efficiency and asset management strategies, such as centralized credit management, automating certain field operating activities and mutually beneficial supplier agreements. Energy segment net sales and revenues of $146,900 for the second quarter declined $37,100 (20.1%) as compared to the second quarter of the prior year. Fiscal 1994 year-to-date net sales and revenues of $252,400 declined $70,300 (21.8%) as compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease for the quarter and year to date is primarily attributable to planned Project initiatives which included divestitures of low-margin retail locations and a refocusing away from low-margin, high-volume commercial customers. Total unit volume (in millions of gallons) for the quarter and year to date decreased 30,000 and 51,800 gallons, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. Average selling prices declined 4.6% in the second quarter and 3.6% for the six months to date as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year due to softness in the world market which also contributed to the sales decrease. Despite the unit volume and selling price declines, the Energy Group realized an improvement in net operating margins of $500 (6.1%) and $1,700 (57.1%) in the second quarter and fiscal year to date as compared to the corresponding period in the previous fiscal year. Gross margins as a percentage of net sales and revenues increased by 4.5% and 4.1% in the second quarter and fiscal year to date as compared to the corresponding period in the prior fiscal year. Also, total costs and expenses declined as a result of the above changes in operations. Financial Services Group - - - - - - - - ------------------------ For segment reporting purposes, the Financial Services Group consists of Telmark Inc., Agway Insurance Company, and Agway General Agency, Inc. Net sales and revenues of $16,700 for the Financial Services Group for the second quarter declined $500 (3.0%) as compared to the second quarter of the prior year. Fiscal 1994 year-to-date net sales and revenues of $35,500 decreased $3,100 (8.6%) as compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease for the quarter and year to date is primarily attributed to the Agway Insurance Company and the Agway General Agency. Agway Insurance Company revenues were down $200 for the second quarter and $1,600 for the six months to date, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year, due to termination of reinsurance assumed contracts; and $200 and $600, respectively, from changes in reinsurance ceded treaties. Agway General Agency Inc. revenues declined $200 and $700 for the second quarter and for the six months to date as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year due to a decline in administrative fees on a declining base of participants in the Agway member group health insurance plan. Telmark revenues remained constant for the second quarter and six-month period to date as compared to the prior year as current year volume growth was offset by declining prevailing lease rates as a result of increasing competition in the marketplace as well as a sale of $11,000 of lease receivables in June 1993. Operating margins improved in the second quarter of fiscal 1994 by $500 (21%) over the same period in the previous year but decreased $100 (1.5%) for the six-month period ended December 31, 1993 as compared to the same period in the prior year. The Agway Insurance Company revenue decline from the reinsurance termination was offset by an equal reduction in costs and expenses with no impact on operating margin. Operating margin increases of $800 in the second quarter and $800 for the six months to date for Agway Insurance Company, due  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued) (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) Financial Services Group (continued) - - - - - - - - ------------------------------------ to favorable underwriting experience as compared to corresponding periods in the prior fiscal year, were offset in part by (i) reduced operating margins for Agway General Agency of $100 for the second quarter and $500 for the six months to date as compared to the corresponding period in the prior fiscal year due to declining revenues as noted above, and (ii) reduced operating margin of $200 for the second quarter and $400 for the six months to date for Telmark as compared to the corresponding period in the prior fiscal year due to the lack of significant revenue growth. Other Items - - - - - - - - ----------- Other items include certain corporate activities not included within the Company's three operating segments and includes interest expense. For the second quarter, other items realized an increase in income of $2,600 over the corresponding period in the prior fiscal year. The increase was attributed primarily to increased revenues from the receipt of vendor rebates in the second quarter of $1,100 and a reduction in interest expense for the quarter of $900. For the six-month period to date, other items realized an increase in income of $1,700 over the corresponding period in the prior year. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES - - - - - - - - ------------------------------- Cash flows from continuing operations for the six months ended December 31, 1993 increased $2,000 to $36,000 as compared to the first six months of fiscal 1993. This increase was primarily a result of higher June 1993 Agriculture & Consumer inventories and receivables due to the late spring, which were reduced during the first six months of the current fiscal year Net cash utilized in investing activities from continuing operations for the six months ended December 31, 1993 was $23,400 as compared to cash provided of $2,000 for the same period last year. Cash flows utilized in investing activities for the six months ended December 31, 1992 were favorably impacted by proceeds of $19,100 from disposals of businesses and property, plant and equipment, while increased leasing activity in fiscal 1994 resulted in the use of an additional $10,100 of cash compared to the same period last year. As a result of cash flow from continuing operations and an increase in net long-term borrowings of $23,000 in the current year, short-term borrowings were reduced $34,300. Increased short-term borrowing in the prior year resulted from a decrease in net long-term borrowings of $43,400 combined with redemption of $8,200 of capital stock. The Company finances its operations and the operations of all its continuing businesses and subsidiaries, except Telmark and Agway Insurance Company, through Agway Financial Corporation (AFC). Telmark and Agway Insurance Company finance themselves through operations or direct borrowing arrangements. Each business unit is financed with a combination of short- and long-term credit facilities as appropriate. External sources of short-term financing for Agway and all its continuing operations include revolving credit lines, letters of credit, and commercial paper programs. Sources of longer term financing include borrowings from banks and insurance companies, subordinated debt, and capital leases. In addition, Telmark has occasionally sold blocks of its lease portfolio. On February 1, 1994, Telmark's registration of its offering to the public of $25,000 of debentures due December 31, 1997 with the Securities & Exchange Commission became effective. The debentures are unsecured and are not guaranteed by Agway nor any of Agway's other subsidiaries. The offering of the debentures will not be underwritten and there can be no guarantee as to the amount of debentures to be sold. The proceeds of the offering will be used to provide financing for Telmark's leasing activities. The Company renegotiated and renewed certain of its bank loan agreements through October 28, 1994. Adequate lines of credit of $149,250 are available to the Company under the new agreements as compared to lines of credit of $158,000 in the prior agreements. This includes retention of a commercial paper facility of $50,000. These agreements, upon the occurrence of certain defined events, give the lenders the right to perfect a security interest  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued) (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (continued) - - - - - - - - ------------------------------------------- in certain of the Company's accounts receivables and non-petroleum inventories. In addition, the agreements include certain covenants, the most restrictive of which requires to Company to maintain specific monthly levels of interest coverage and tangible net worth. The Company has ongoing communication with its lenders and it is management's opinion that appropriate and adequate lines of credit exist to finance the Company's operations and capital requirements. PART II. OTHER INFORMATION AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES (Thousands of Dollars) Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders The Company held its annual meeting of shareholders on December 1, 1993. The following Directors were elected to renewed three-year terms through December 1996: The following is a list of directors whose terms of office as Directors continued after the Annual Meeting: Ralph H. Heffner - Chairman of the Board and Director Charles C. Brosius - Vice Chairman of the Board and Director Richard C. Call - Director Vyron M. Chapman - Director Eugene Freund - Director Peter D. Hanks - Director Frederick A. Hough - Director Stephen P. James - Director Robert L. Marshman - Director Samuel F. Minor - Director Donald E. Pease - Director John H. Ross - Director Carl D. Smith - Director Thomas E. Smith - Director John H. Talmage - Director Joel L. Wenger - Director Christian F. Wolff, Jr. - Director William W. Young - Director Item 6. Exhibits and Reports on Form 8-K The Company did not file any reports on Form 8-K during the three months ended December 31, 1993.  SIGNATURES - - - - - - - - ---------- Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. AGWAY INC. ------------ (Registrant) Date February 9, 1994 PETER J. O'NEILL ---------------- ---------------- Peter J. O'Neill Senior Vice President Corporate Finance and Control (Principal Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer)  UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C 20549 FORM 10-Q (Mark One) X QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES - - - - - - - - --- EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended March 31, 1994 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES - - - - - - - - --- EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to --------------- --------------- Commission file number 2-22791 AGWAY INC.  --------------------------------------------------------------------- (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) DELAWARE 15-0277720 - - - - - - - - ------------------------------- ------------------- (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 333 Butternut Drive, DeWitt, New York 13214 - - - - - - - - ---------------------------------------- ----------- (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 315-449-6431 -------------------------------------------------- (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No --- --- Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.   Agway is a taxpaying corporation founded on cooperative principles. Membership is limited to farmers and each may hold only one share of common stock.  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES INDEX PAGE NO. PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 1994 and June 30, 1993 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Retained Margin for the three months and nine months ended March 31, 1994 and March 31, 1993 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4 Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statements for the nine months ended March 31, 1994 and March 31, 1993 . . . . . . . . . . . . 5 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. . . . . . 6 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .14 Item 6. Exhibits and Reports on Form 8-K . . . . . . . . . . .14 SIGNATURES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .15  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Thousands of Dollars) Note: The balance sheet at June 30, 1993 has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date but does not include all the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND RETAINED MARGIN (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the three- and nine-month periods ended March 31, 1994 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ended June 30, 1994. For further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 1993. Certain amounts have been reclassified in the June 30, 1993 condensed consolidated balance sheet to conform to the March 31, 1994 presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on the working capital or shareholders' equity of the Corporation. 2. AGWAY FINANCIAL CORPORATION Summarized financial information for Agway Financial Corporation and Consolidated Subsidiaries is as follows:  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) 3. SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES ABOUT OPERATING CASH FLOWS During the fiscal year ended June 30, 1993, 46 local cooperative affiliates were acquired, and during fiscal 1994, 6 additional local cooperative affiliates were acquired. Three of these cooperatives were merged into Agway during the first and second quarters of fiscal 1993, 43 were acquired during the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 1993, 3 were merged in the first quarter of fiscal 1994, 2 were merged in the second quarter fiscal 1994 and 1 was merged in the third quarter of fiscal 1994, for a total purchase price of $21,700 plus certain liabilities assumed of $17,300. Settlement for the acquisitions was consummated in the nine-month period ended March 31, 1994 in the form of cash ($5,000) and restricted preferred stock, 6%, $100 par value, ($16,700). Certain other supplemental disclosures are as follows: Schedule of Restructuring Activities: 4. BORROWING ARRANGEMENTS In fiscal 1994, the Company renegotiated and renewed certain of its bank loan agreements through October 28, 1994. Adequate lines of credit of $149,250 are available to the Company under the new agreements as compared to lines of credit of $158,000 in the prior agreements. This includes retention of a commercial paper facility of $50,000. Certain of these agreements, upon the occurrence of certain defined events, give the lenders the right to perfect a security interest in certain of the Company's accounts receivables and non-petroleum inventories. In addition, the agreements include certain covenants, the most restrictive of which requires to Company to maintain specific monthly levels of interest coverage and tangible net worth. H. P. Hood, Inc., a subsidiary held for sale by the Company, was in violation of certain financial covenants relating to credit facilities provided by a bank for the months ended February and March 1994. The Bank has issued a waiver for these violations for each month and has subsequently amended the loan agreement through June 30, 1994. At March 31, 1994, borrowing outstanding under the credit facilities aggregated $36,641. PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) 5. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES The Company is subject to various investigations, claims, and legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters that arise in the ordinary course of its business activities. In addition, the Company is conducting a number of environmental investigations and remedial actions at current and former Company locations and, along with other companies, has been named a potentially responsible party for certain waste disposal sites. Each of these matters is subject to various uncertainties, and it is possible that some of these matters may be resolved unfavorably to the Company. The Company has established accruals for matters for which payment is probable and amounts reasonably estimable. Management believes any liability that may ultimately result from the resolution of these matters in excess of amounts provided will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position or results of operations of the Company.  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The Company's net sales and revenues and operating results are significantly impacted by seasonal fluctuations due to the nature of its operations and the geographic location of its service area, which is defined primarily as the Northeastern United States. Agriculture and Consumer Group net sales and revenues are traditionally higher in the spring as customers initiate the growing season. Correspondingly, the Company's Energy Group realizes significantly higher net sales and revenues in the winter months due to the cold winter conditions in the Northeast. The Financial Services Group is generally not materially impacted by seasonal fluctuations. Results by Operating Segment Increase (Decrease) Parenthetical numbers in the following narrative have been rounded to the nearest hundred thousand. Restructuring of Operations - - - - - - - - --------------------------- In fiscal 1992, the Company initiated Customer Driven: 1995 (the "Project") to restructure the Company to better focus on its members and customers and to re-engineer the Company's business processes to improve future profitability. Implementation of Project strategies has and will continue to have a significant impact on the markets served, assets utilized, and operating practices of the Agriculture & Consumer and Energy groups, as well as on administrative functions. During the quarter under review, and as indicated in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1993, Company management has continued implementation of the Project and details of certain of these strategies will be reviewed in the following segment discussions. Discontinued Operations - - - - - - - - ----------------------- On March 23, 1993, the Agway Board of Directors authorized management to sell the Company's 34% interest in Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. (Curtice Burns Foods) and 99% interest in H. P. Hood Inc. (Hood). Management and the Board are actively pursuing their plan to sell these investments in fiscal 1994 and negotiations regarding these sales continued throughout the third quarter. Accordingly, these operations are reflected as discontinued operations. Agway's decision to make these sales is part of the overall strategic plan of focusing on its agriculture, consumer, PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued) (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) Discontinued Operations (continued) - - - - - - - - ---------------------------------- energy, insurance, and leasing businesses. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 1993, Curtice Burns initiated a restructuring program. As part of that program, in the quarter ended December 1993, Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. completed the sale of two businesses, the oats portion of the National Oats business and the Hiland Potato Chip business, and, in the quarter ended March 31, 1994, completed the sale of the Curtice Burns Meat Snacks business. Agriculture & Consumer Group - - - - - - - - --------------------------- Project initiatives for fiscal 1993 for the Agriculture & Consumer Group were primarily focused on transferring the marketing, sales and related operating assets of agricultural products, previously conducted through retail operations, to agricultural hubs and dedicated customer service centers. This transition was completed in fiscal 1993 in New England and Pennsylvania and was completed in New York, the final region to transition, in the first half of fiscal 1994. An additional initiative focused on merging 52 local store cooperatives into Agway, which was materially completed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 1993, has increased sales and asset levels in fiscal 1994. Fiscal 1994 initiatives for the Group center around streamlining operating and administrative processes through reviews of supply chain management, product category management, and warehousing systems; closing, consolidating, or converting facilities to focus assets and capital in selected markets and eliminate duplication; and sales enhancement through customer service and quality reviews. The fiscal 1993 initiatives were intended to improve customer service, knowing that certain of these changes would increase costs at least during the period of transition until cost reduction strategies can be implemented. The 1994 initiatives focus on detail plans for future implementation of strategies for expense control and sales enhancement anticipated to improve results of operations in future years. Net sales and revenues for the third quarter of fiscal 1994 of $228,400 and for the nine months to date of $664,500 increased $24,100 (11.8%) and $55,100 (9.0%), respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior fiscal year. The increases are primarily attributed to the Group's consumer business which included the merger of local store cooperatives into Agway and to a lesser extent volume and price increases among selected product lines within the Group. Operating losses for the third quarter of fiscal 1994 of $12,900 and for the nine months to date of $37,600 increased $2,700 and $18,400, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior fiscal year. The Group experiences seasonal fluctuations in its business and generally experiences higher net sales and revenues in the spring as customers initiate the growing season. However, weather conditions can impact the timing of the commencement of the spring growing season, and in fiscal 1993 and 1994 the extreme weather conditions in the winter have adversely impacted the Group's results for the quarter and year to date. In fiscal 1994, operating losses have been further accentuated due to (i) the merger of 52 store corporations into Agway which now defers the recognition of a certain portion of its margins until goods are sold to the end user (previously these margins were recognized as wholesale margins at the time inventory was sold to the store corporation), (ii) incremental costs associated with the Company's Project initiatives which include expanding the Company's sales force and the establishment of agricultural hubs and dedicated customer service centers, and (iii) depressed gross margins across the Group's selected product lines due to higher raw material prices, a change in product mix, and competitive pricing in the marketplace. The Company expects to benefit from the merged store corporations as they will provide additional retail margins and increased sales in the spring as the growing season commences. Furthermore, the increasing costs associated with the Project initiatives tend to be fixed throughout the year, while incremental revenues realized from Project initiatives will tend to follow the seasonal sales pattern and also be more fully realized in the spring as the growing season commences.  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued) (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) Energy Group - - - - - - - - ------------ Project initiatives for fiscal 1993 for the Energy Group were primarily divestitures of retail locations in an effort to focus assets and capital in selected markets. In addition, sales to commercial accounts were refocused away from price-oriented accounts to service-oriented businesses. As expected, these initiatives decreased sales volume, but had a favorable impact on gross margins. Project initiatives for fiscal 1994 include implementation of operational efficiency and asset management strategies, such as centralized credit management, automating certain field operating activities and mutually beneficial supplier agreements. Energy segment net sales and revenues of $195,400 for the third quarter declined $1,900 (1.0%) as compared to the third quarter of the prior year. Fiscal 1994 year-to-date net sales and revenues of $447,800 declined $72,300 (13.9%) as compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease for the quarter and year to date is primarily attributable to plan  ned Project initiatives which included divestitures of low-margin retail locations and a refocusing away from low-margin, high-volume commercial customers. However, the anticipated decline in net sales and revenue for the quarter was mitigated by extremely cold weather which increased the volume of heating oils and propane. Total unit volume (in millions of gallons) for the quarter and year to date decreased 700 and 52,400 gallons, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. Average selling prices remained constant in the third quarter and decreased 2.2% for the nine months to date as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year due to softness in the world market, which also contributed to the sales decrease. Despite the unit volume and selling price declines, the Energy Group realized an improvement in net operating margins of $6,800 (35.7%) and $8,400 (38.5%) in the third quarter and fiscal year to date as compared to the corresponding period in the previous fiscal year. Gross margins as a percentage of net sales and revenues increased by 4.8% and 4.7% in the third quarter and fiscal year to date as compared to the corresponding period in the prior fiscal year. Total costs and expenses for the Group increased slightly in the third quarter as compared to the corresponding period in the prior fiscal year due to the adverse weather conditions, but declined on a year-to-date basis as a result of the above changes in operations. Financial Services Group - - - - - - - - ------------------------ For segment reporting purposes, the Financial Services Group consists of Telmark Inc., Agway Insurance Company, and Agway General Agency, Inc. Net sales and revenues of $16,800 for the Financial Services Group for the third quarter increased $1,100 (6.9%) as compared to the third quarter of the prior year. Fiscal 1994 year-to-date net sales and revenues of $49,200 decreased $2,000 (3.9%) as compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase for the quarter is primarily attributed to Telmark Inc. which increased revenues by $1,000 due to increased volume of bookings in fiscal 1994 and a gain of $500 from the sale of $5,600 of lease receivables in the third quarter. For the nine months to date, Telmark's revenues were up by $800. The decrease for the year-to-date period is primarily attributed to the Agway Insurance Company and the Agway General Agency. Agway Insurance Company revenues were constant for the third quarter but declined $2,200 for the nine months to date, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year, due to termination of reinsurance assumed contracts of $1,600 and from changes in reinsurance ceded treaties of $600 in prior quarters. Agway General Agency Inc. revenues also remained constant for the third quarter but declined $600 for the nine months to date as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year due to a decline in administrative fees on a declining base of participants in the Agway member group health insurance plan.  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued) (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) Financial Services Group (continued) - - - - - - - - ----------------------------------- Operating margins declined in the third quarter of fiscal 1994 by $300 (11.0%) over the same period in the previous year and $400 (5.4%) for the nine-month period ended March 31, 1994 as compared to the same period in the prior year. The Agway Insurance Company revenue decline from the reinsurance termination was offset by an equal reduction in costs and expenses with no impact on operating margin. Operating margins for the Agway Insurance Company decreased by $400 in the third quarter due to unfavorable underwriting experience associated with adverse weather conditions, but for the nine month period remained $400 ahead of the prior year. Agway General Agency experienced a reduction in margins of $200 for the third quarter and $700 for the nine months to date as compared to the corresponding period in the prior fiscal year due to declining revenues as noted above. Telmark Inc.'s operating margins increased $300 in the third quarter, but decreased $100 for the nine-month period ended March 31, 1994 as the sale of certain lease receivables resulted in $500 of revenue for the third quarter. Other Items - - - - - - - - ----------- Other items include certain corporate activities not included within the Company's three operating segments and includes interest expense. For the third quarter, other items realized a decrease in income of $2,300 over the corresponding period in the prior fiscal year. The decrease was attributed primarily to decreased revenues from the timing of receipt of vendor rebates in the amount of $800 in the third quarter of fiscal 1993 (received in second quarter of fiscal 1994), an increase in interest expense for the third quarter of $900 due to a higher level of borrowings in the quarter, and increased costs associated with unallocated general corporate expenses. For the nine-month period to date, other items realized a decrease in income of $600 over the corresponding period in the prior year. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES - - - - - - - - ------------------------------- Cash flows from continuing operations for the nine months ended March 31, 1994 increased $2,400 to $7,200 as compared to the first nine months of fiscal 1993. This increase was primarily a result of higher June 1993 Agriculture & Consumer receivables due to the late spring, which were reduced during the first nine months of the current fiscal year, and to an increase in accounts payable during the nine-month period. Net cash utilized in investing activities from continuing operations for the nine months ended March 31, 1994 was $34,000 as compared to cash provided of $5,000 for the same period last year. Cash flows utilized in investing activities for the nine months ended March 31, 1993 were favorably impacted by proceeds of $32,000 from disposals of businesses and property, plant and equipment, while increased leasing activity in fiscal 1994 resulted in the use of an additional $21,900 of cash compared to the same period last year. As a result of cash utilized in investing activities, net long-term borrowings increased $15,000 in the current year, and short-term borrowings increased $16,400. Increased short-term borrowing in the prior year resulted from a decrease in net long- term borrowings of $23,700 combined with redemption of $12,400 of capital stock issued in connection with an acquisition in a prior year. The Company finances its operations and the operations of all its continuing businesses and subsidiaries, except Telmark and Agway Insurance Company, through Agway Financial Corporation (AFC). Telmark and Agway Insurance Company finance themselves through operations or direct borrowing arrangements. Each business unit is financed with a combination of short- and long-term credit facilities as appropriate. External sources of short- term financing for Agway and all its continuing operations include revolving credit lines, letters of credit, and commercial paper programs. Sources of longer term financing include borrowings from banks and insurance companies, subordinated debt, and capital leases. In addition, Telmark has occasionally sold blocks of its lease portfolio. On February 1, 1994, Telmark's registration of its offering to the public of $25,000 of debentures due December 31, 1997 with the Securities & Exchange Commission became effective. The debentures are unsecured and are not guaranteed by Agway nor any of Agway's other subsidiaries. The offering of the debentures are not underwritten and there can be no guarantee as to the amount of debentures to be sold. The proceeds of the offering  PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued) AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (continued) (Unaudited) (Thousands of Dollars) LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (continued) - - - - - - - - ------------------------------------------ will be used to provide financing for Telmark's leasing activities. As of March 31, 1994, approximately $1,500 of debentures were sold. In fiscal 1994, the Company renegotiated and renewed certain of its bank loan agreements through October 28, 1994. Adequate lines of credit of $149,250 are available to the Company under the new agreements as compared to lines of credit of $158,000 in the prior agreements. This includes retention of a commercial paper facility of $50,000. Certain of these agreements, upon the occurrence of certain defined events, give the lenders the right to perfect a security interest in certain of the Company's accounts receivables and non-petroleum inventories. In addition, the agreements include certain covenants, the most restrictive of which requires to Company to maintain specific monthly levels of interest coverage and tangible net worth. The Company has ongoing communication with its lenders and it is management's opinion that appropriate and adequate lines of credit exist to finance the Company's operations and capital requirements. PART II. OTHER INFORMATION AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES (Thousands of Dollars) Item 1. Legal Proceedings - - - - - - - - -------------------------- In February 1988, Agway leased a feed mill located in Woodridge, New York from Inter-County Farmers Cooperative Association, Inc. Agway manufactured horse, poultry, and dairy feed at the feed mill. In early July 1989, due to a mechanical malfunction, some horse feed manufactured at the feed mill was contaminated with Monensin, a feed medication used with poultry and dairy feed but which is harmful to horses. Agway immediately recalled the contaminated horse feed and contacted regulatory agencies, including the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA). As a result of eating the contaminated horse feed, a number of horses located in the State of New Jersey died or were damaged. The majority of claims made by owners of the affected horses have been settled. As of April 30, 1994, there were two lawsuits pending which were filed by horse owners against Agway: John Kolkowski, et al. v. Agway Inc., et al., filed on July 3, 1990 in the Supreme Court of the State of New York for Westchester County; and Orlando R. Petrocelli v. Agway Inc., et al., filed on August 5, 1991 in the Superior Court of New Jersey for Mercer County. Each of these lawsuits includes claims for money damages. On April 18, 1994, a previously pending lawsuit by horse owners against Agway, Anthony D. Nini, et al. v. Agway Inc., et al., filed on October 24, 1990 in the Superior Court of New Jersey for Mercer County, was settled. Agway agreed to pay Anthony D. Nini, et al., $1,498, which was covered by an insurance policy issued to Agway. The FDA conducted an investigation of the incident and referred the matter to the U. S. Department of Justice (DOJ) to consider institution of criminal proceedings. Agway has had an opportunity to present its views to the DOJ on why criminal proceedings should not be instituted and the DOJ and FDA discussed with Agway resolution of issues resulting from the FDA investigation. Agway believes the pending lawsuits and the FDA investigation will be satisfactorily resolved and any adjustments will not be material in relation to the consolidated financial position of Agway. Item 6. Exhibits and Reports on Form 8-K - - - - - - - - ----------------------------------------- The Company did not file any reports on Form 8-K during the three months ended March 31, 1994.  SIGNATURES - - - - - - - - ---------- Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. AGWAY INC. (Registrant) Date May 13, 1994 /s/ PETER J. O'NEILL ------------ -------------------- Peter J. O'Neill Senior Vice President Corporate Finance and Control (Principal Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer)  EX-21 5  EXHIBIT 21 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT As of June 30, 1994 Subsidiary State of Incorporation Agway Country Foods, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Delaware Agway Financial Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Delaware Agway General Agency, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .New York Agway Holdings Inc . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Delaware Agway Insurance Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .New York Agway Petroleum Corporation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Delaware Agway Realties, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Delaware Allied Seed Cooperative, Inc . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .New York Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. (1). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .New York H. P. Hood Inc. (2). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Massachusetts Merchants Produce Company, Inc . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Delaware Midstate Potato Distributors, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Florida Milford Fertilizer Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Delaware Pro-Lawn Products, Inc . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .New York Sacramento Valley Milling, Inc . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Delaware Sam Panebianco and Sons, Inc . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Delaware Seedway Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Delaware Telmark Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .New York Texas City Refining, Inc.(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Delaware V. Guifre & Sons, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Delaware Notes: (1) Agway Holdings Inc. owns 13% of Class A common stock and 99% of Class B common stock, both of which are voting shares. Since Class B common stockholders have the right to elect 70% of the directors of Curtice Burns Foods, Inc., Agway can indirectly elect 70% of the directors of Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. (2) Agway Holdings Inc. owns 99% of H. P. Hood Inc. (3) Agway Petroleum Corporation owns 67% of Texas City Refining, Inc.  EX-23 6 EXHIBIT 23  CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS To the Board of Directors of Agway Inc.: We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements on Form S-3 (File No. 33-50469) and on Form S-8 (File No. 33-54083) of our reports dated September 22, 1994, on our audits of the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules of Agway Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries as of June 30, 1994, and 1993, and for the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992, which reports are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. COOPERS & LYBRAND L.L.P. Syracuse, New York September 22, 1994  CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Prospectus constituting part of the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-50469) of Agway Inc. of our report dated August 3, 1994, except as to Note 8, which is as of September 19, 1994, relating to the consolidated financial statements of H. P. Hood Inc., which report appears on page 28 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Price Waterhouse LLP Boston, Massachusetts September 21, 1994  CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 33-54083) of Agway Inc. of our report dated August 3, 1994, except as to Note 8, which is as of September 19, 1994, relating to the consolidated financial statements of H. P. Hood Inc., which report appears on page 28 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Price Waterhouse LLP Boston, Massachusetts September 21, 1994  CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Prospectuses constituting part of the Registration Statements of Agway Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 33-50469) and on Form S-8 (File No. 33-54083) of our report dated August 10, 1994, (except as to Note 3, which is as of September 22, 1994) relating to the June 25, 1994, June 26, 1993 and June 26, 1992, financial statements of Curtice Burns Foods, Inc., which report appears under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP Rochester, New York September 22, 1994  EX-27 7  EX-99 8  EXHIBIT 99 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 11-K ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1994 AGWAY INC. EMPLOYEES' THRIFT INVESTMENT PLAN -------------------------------------------------- (Full title of the Plan) AGWAY INC. ------------------------------------------------------------------- (Name of Issuer of the securities held pursuant to the Plan) 333 BUTTERNUT DRIVE DEWITT, NEW YORK 13214 ------------------------------------------------------------------- (Address of principal executive offices of the Plan and the issuer of the securities) Item 1. Changes in the Plan. None Item 2. Changes in Investment Policy. None Item 3. Contributions Under the Plan. The following represents the Company's Contribution to the Company Security Fund during the last five years as a percent of the employees' contribution: Item 4. Participating Employees. As of June 30, 1994, the number of employees participating in the Plan totaled 5,117. Item 5. Administration of the Plan. (a) The members of the Employee Benefit Plans Administration Committee are as follows: (b) No Compensation is received by the above-named administrators for services under the Plan. The Plan paid $43,516 to the Boston Safe Deposit & Trust Company, Wells Fargo Institutional Trust Company and Bankers Trust Company for services as investment managers.  Item 6. Custodian of Investments. (a) The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A., Chase MetroTech Center, Brooklyn, NY 11245, Trustee, is custodian of the securities of the Plan. Effective August 1, 1994, United States Trust Company of New York, 770 Broadway, New York, NY 10003, became custodian of the securities of the Plan. (b) The Plan paid $24,337 to the aforementioned Trustee for trustee fees. (c) There is no bond furnished by the Trustee in connec- tion with the custody of the securities of the Plan. Item 7. Reports to Participating Employees. Each participating employee has received an annual report of the Plan for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1993. A similar annual report will be sent to each participant in March 1995, for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994. Each participating employee will receive a report of the status of the employee's account under the Plan dated prior to October 15, 1994. Item 8. Investment of Funds. There were no brokerage commissions paid by the Plan during the three most recent fiscal years to any broker which is an affiliated person of the Plan, which is an affiliated person of such person or an affiliated person of which is an affiliated person of the Plan, or its investment advisor or principal underwriter. The Plan did not direct brokerage transactions to a broker because of research services. Item 9. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (a) Financial Statements. The financial statements and schedule of the Agway Inc. Employees' Thrift Investment Plan filed herein are as follows: Report of independent accountants . . . . . . . Page F-1 Statements of net assets available for benefits as of June 30, 1994 and 1993.. . . . . .Page F-2 Statements of changes in net assets available for benefits for the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993, and 1992. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Page F-3 Notes to financial statements.. . . . . .Pages F-4 to F-8 Schedule I - Investments as of June 30, 1994.. . . . . . . . . . . .Pages S-1.1 to S-1.2 Schedule II - Statement of net assets available for benefits as of June 30, 1994, and 1993 of the Company Security Fund, Stock Fund, Bond Fund, and the Cash Fund,separately. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Page S-2 Schedule III - Statements of changes in net assets available for benefits for the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992 of the Company Security Fund, Stock Fund, Bond Fund and the Cash Fund, separately. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Page S-3 Schedules other than those listed above have been omitted for the reason that they are not applicable, not required, or the required information is included in the aforemen- tioned statements and schedules. AGWAY INC. EMPLOYEES' THRIFT INVESTMENT PLAN Data for Inclusion in Form 11-K as of June 30, 1994 ___________  (logo) COOPERS certified public accountants & LYBRAND INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT To the Employee Benefit Plans Administration Committee, Agway Inc. We have audited the accompanying statements of net assets available for benefits of AGWAY INC. EMPLOYEES' THRIFT INVESTMENT PLAN as of June 30, 1994 and 1993, and the related statements of changes in net assets available for benefits for the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992, and the supporting financial statement schedules. These financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Plan's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our audit. We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the net assets available for benefits of the Plan as of June 30, 1994 and 1993, and the changes in net assets available for benefits for the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993, and 1992, in conformity with generally accepted account- ing principles. In addition, in our opinion, the financial state- ment schedules referred to above, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all material respects the information included therein. Syracuse, New York July 29, 1994 F-1  AGWAY INC. EMPLOYEES' THRIFT INVESTMENT PLAN STATEMENTS OF NET ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR BENEFITS June 30, 1994 and 1993 ___________ (Thousands of Dollars) See Schedule II for allocation by Fund. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. F-2  AGWAY INC. EMPLOYEES' THRIFT INVESTMENT PLAN STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR BENEFITS Years Ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992 ___________ (Thousands of Dollars) See Schedule III for allocation by Fund. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. F-3  AGWAY INC. EMPLOYEES' THRIFT INVESTMENT PLAN NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ___________ (Thousands of Dollars) 1. PLAN TRUSTEE ------------ The cash and investments of the Plan are held by The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A., Trustee, under a trust agreement dated January 1, 1985. In general, the duties of the Trustee include: (1) holding assets and collecting income therefrom; (2) investing the assets of the Plan; (3) selling or exchanging the assets of the Plan; and (4) paying benefits to participants in the Plan on the written order of the Administrative Committee which is appointed by the Board of Directors of Agway Inc. The investment of assets in the Stock Fund are directed by an investment manager, Wells Fargo Institutional Trust Company, San Francisco, California. The Bond Fund and the Cash Fund are managed by Bankers Trust Company, New York. 2. PLAN PROVISIONS --------------- The Plan is a defined contribution plan covering Agway Inc.'s full-time employees and part-time employees who have reached their first anniversary date and have worked 1,000 hours. A participant may elect to contribute "regular investments" of 2% to 6% of his total compensation. These investments are made on a "pre-tax" basis or an "after-tax" basis or a combination totaling up to 6% of a participant's total compensation. Pre- tax regular investments are designed to take advantage of Sec- tion 401(k) and are contributed to the Plan before being sub- ject to federal income tax and most states' income tax. After- tax regular investments are contributed to the Plan after being subject to federal and state income taxes. The participant may invest an additional 1% to 9% of his total compensation as additional investments on a pre-tax basis (limited to an annually established IRS determination) if the participant contributes the maximum 6% of regular investments. Amounts exceeding the limits established by the regulations will be made on an after tax basis based on the election of the par- ticipant. On January 1, 1993, the Plan was amended to provide for separate investment fund choices to participants: the Company Security Fund, Stock Fund, Bond Fund, and Cash Fund. Prior to January 1, 1993, investment fund choices consisted of the Company Security Fund and the Stock Fund. All participants' investments are invested at the option of the participant in any combination of the four funds in multiples of 25%. A participant can change his designation of the funds into which his contributions are made upon 30 days notice at the first of each month. A current employee or retiree may transfer from one fund to another once each month. F-4  AGWAY INC. EMPLOYEES' THRIFT INVESTMENT PLAN NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ___________ (Thousands of Dollars) 2. PLAN PROVISIONS (Continued) --------------- The Company shall contribute on behalf of each participant an amount equal to at least 10%, but not more than 50% of each participant's regular investments to the Plan. The Company contribution applies only to a participant's regular invest- ments. The Company does not contribute based on a participant's additional investments. The Company contribution will be made to the Company Security Fund. The discretionary percentage of Company contributions above 10% for each year of operation of the Plan shall be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company. The Company's contribution will be made each week at a rate of 10% of the participant's regular investment. Any amount of the Company's contribution greater than 10% of the participant's regular investment as determined by the Board of Directors will be paid not later than the time prescribed by law for filing the Company's federal income tax return for the applicable taxable year, including extensions for such filing. The Company shall also contribute on behalf of each participant, if necessary, an amount such that the rate of return on current market value of that portion of the Company Security Fund not invested in the Company's Money Market Certificates, will equal one-half percent less than the interest rate plus any declared "extra" paid on the Company's member debentures. This contribu- tion is made semi-annually to the Company Security Fund. The contribution is allocated to individual accounts so that each individual attains the rate of return described above. It is explicitly provided and intended that the Company Security Fund be invested in qualified Agway securities. However, if at any time when the Trustee has funds available for such invest- ment, such prescribed securities are not available for purchase from the Company, the Trustee is authorized to hold such funds in an interest bearing account, or to invest such funds in one or more securities of other corporations which, in the Trustee's opinion, are comparable to the prescribed securities of the Company. Securities of Agway, Inc. will be purchased from the Company at par value or principal amount, since the market value of such securities is maintained as such by the Company as a result of the Company's practice of repurchasing its outstanding securities at par whenever holders thereof elect to tender them for redemption. The Stock Fund, including earnings thereon, shall be invested in any common stock(s), common stock fund(s), or any security convertible into common stock as the Investment Committee may deem advisable from time to time, but which shall not include shares of stock or other securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. The Investment Manager will make purchases of such securities in the open market at prices prevailing in such market on the day of purchase. Short-term obligations of the U. S. Government or other investments of a short-term nature may be purchased and held pending the selec- tion and purchase of suitable securities based on the short- term expectations F-5 AGWAY INC. EMPLOYEES' THRIFT INVESTMENT PLAN NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ___________ (Thousands of Dollars) 2. PLAN PROVISIONS (Continued) --------------- of the relative return in the equity market. Substantially all of the Stock Fund investments were in the Wells Fargo "U. S. Equity Market Fund" and The Boston Safe Deposit and Trust Company Inc.'s "Wilshire 5000 Index Market Fund" at June 30, 1994 and 1993, respectively. As there is no market quotation available, fair value of the Stock Fund Investments is based on the unit market value established by the Investment Manager. This unit value is calculated by dividing the net assets of the Market Fund, stated at quoted market values, by the units outstanding. The Cash Fund investment objective is to preserve capital and earn a competitive day-to-day interest rate. It invests in high quality, short-term money market instruments whose maturities normally will not exceed one year and are, on average, less than three months. Investments may be made in U. S. Treasury or agency obligations; obligations issued by financial, industrial, public utility, or other companies; bankers' acceptances, bank certificates of deposit or time deposits; commercial paper; and other similar obligations. The Bond Fund invested primarily in bonds of U. S. Government and investment grade bonds of industrial, financial, and utility corporations. "Investment Grade" is a term for securities of high quality that are rated Baa or better by Moody's Investor Service and BBB or better by Standard & Poor's Corporation. All of the Bond Fund investments were in the Bankers Trust Company's "Corporate Bond Index Fund" at June 30, 1994 and 1993. As there is no market quotation available, fair value of the Bond Fund Investments is based on the unit market value established by the Investment Manager. This unit value is calculated by dividing the net assets of the Bond Index Fund, stated at quoted market values, by the units outstanding. Allocation of plan earnings is done on a monthly basis and is based on the funds monthly earning percentage (fund earnings divided by fund market value) times the participant's accumulated investments and earnings in the fund. Effective July 1, 1993, participants vest immediately in Company contributions and earnings on those contributions. The Plan also includes various terms and conditions under which a participating employee can make withdrawals from the Plan. Effective July 1, 1993 participants may borrow up to 50% of their vested account balance. Participant loans must be no less than $500 and no greater than $50,000. As of June 30, 1994 there were 5,117 employees participating in the Plan. The number of employees electing to invest contributions, in whole or in part, in each of the available investment funds, is as follows at June 30, 1994: Company Security Fund 5,100 Stock Fund 3,652 Cash Fund 177 Bond Fund 446 F-6  AGWAY INC. EMPLOYEES' THRIFT INVESTMENT PLAN NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ___________ (Thousands of Dollars) 3. PLAN TERMINATION ---------------- The Company may amend, modify, suspend or terminate the Plan. Although the Company has no intention of so doing, in the event the Plan is terminated or employer contributions are discontinued, all of the assets of the Plan shall be used for the benefit of participants and beneficiaries under the Plan and the interest of each participant in employer contributions and earnings thereon included in the Company Security Fund shall vest immediately. 4. NET APPRECIATION (DEPRECIATION) IN FAIR VALUE OF INVESTMENTS ------------------------------------------------------------ The Plan presents in the statement of changes in net assets available for benefits the net appreciation (depreciation) in the fair value of its investments which consists of the realized gains or losses and the unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of those investments. Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) in Stock Fund investments was as follows: During fiscal 1994, 1993 and 1992, the Stock Fund sold securities with an aggregate historical cost of $18,021, $4,220 and $2,456, respectively (specific identification) receiving aggregate proceeds thereon of $35,006, $5,715 and $2,567, respectively, resulting in a net realized gain of $16,985, $1,494 and $111, respectively. Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on Bond Fund investments was as follows: During fiscal 1994 and 1993, the Bond Fund sold securities with aggregate historical costs of $332 and $168, respectively, re- ceiving aggregate proceeds thereon of $341 and $170, respective- ly, resulting in net realized gains of $9 and $2, respectively. F-7  AGWAY INC. EMPLOYEES' THRIFT INVESTMENT PLAN NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ___________ (Thousands of Dollars) 5. PLAN EXPENSES ------------- During fiscal years 1994, 1993 and 1992 the Employee Benefit Plan Administration Committee of Agway Inc. authorized certain direct administrative expenses incurred by Agway Inc. for the benefit of the Plan to be reimbursed by the Plan. These amounts are approximately $87,000, $78,000 and $91,000 for the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. They are included in administrative expenses. 6. FEDERAL INCOME TAX STATUS ------------------------- A favorable determination letter dated July 25, 1985, was issued by the Internal Revenue Service on behalf of the Plan which stated that the Plan, as then designed, was in compliance with the applicable requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. Therefore, no provision for income taxes has been included in the Plan's financial statements. The Plan was amended in 1994 and the Plan Administrator has filed for a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service. No provision for income taxes has been included in the Plan's financial statements. Until such time as a participant withdraws all or part of their investment, they will not be subject to federal income tax for "pre-tax" regular investments, contributions made on the participant's behalf by the Company, appreciation of invest- ments or dividend and interest income credited to the parti- cipants' account in the Plan. These amounts are also not subject to State income tax, except that "pre-tax" regular investments are subject to income tax in some states. F-8  AGWAY INC. EMPLOYEES' THRIFT INVESTMENT PLAN SCHEDULE I - INVESTMENTS as of June 30, 1994 ___________ Continued S-1.1  AGWAY INC. EMPLOYEES' THRIFT INVESTMENT PLAN SCHEDULE I - INVESTMENTS, Continued as of June 30, 1994 ___________ S-1.2  AGWAY INC. EMPLOYEES' THRIFT INVESTMENT PLAN SCHEDULE II - STATEMENT OF NET ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR BENEFITS June 30, 1994 and 1993 ___________ (Thousands of Dollars) S-2  AGWAY INC. EMPLOYEES' THRIFT INVESTMENT PLAN SCHEDULE III - STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR BENEFITS Years Ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992 ___________ (Thousands of Dollars) S-3  -----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE--  ---   
