10-K 1  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 30, 1994 Commission file number 1-7713 A M D A H L C O R P O R A T I O N (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 94-1728548 (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S.Employer Identification No.) 1250 East Arques Avenue Sunnyvale, California 94088-3470 (Address of principal (Zip Code) executive offices) Registrant's telephone number: (408) 746-6000 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Name of each exchange on Title of class which registered common stock American Stock Exchange, Inc. par value of $.05 London Stock Exchange per share Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ] Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [x] No [ ] Aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates, based on the closing sales price on March 6, 1995: $691,210,223.  Number of shares of common stock, par value of $.05 per share, outstanding as of March 6, 1995: 117,504,131. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE The following documents are incorporated by reference in those parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as set forth below, but only to the extent specifically stated in such parts: (1) Portions of Registrant's Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year ended December 30, 1994 (the "Annual Report") into Parts I and II; and (2) Portions of Registrant's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on May 4, 1995 (the "Proxy Statement") into Part III.  PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS General Amdahl Corporation ("Amdahl" or the "Company"), organized in 1970, provides large-scale, high performance, general-purpose computer systems and related storage products which are architecturally compatible at specific software and hardware interface levels with the basic functions of competing IBM systems. The Company also offers client-server hardware systems for the open systems marketplace. In addition, the Company provides software and communications products as well as consulting and professional services for both the IBM compatible and open systems markets. Amdahl's customer base is diversified and includes large corporations, financial institutions, public utilities, government agencies and universities. Since its first product shipment of IBM compatible processors in June 1975, the Company has continued to introduce new and more powerful computer systems. In December 1991 Amdahl began initial shipments of the newest of these systems, the 5995M series. In 1994 Amdahl began delivery of the highest performance models in this series, its ten-way and twelve-way processors, as well as its newest models of storage products. In late 1993, the Company also began delivery of high performance servers for the open systems market. In addition to its principal lines of computers and storage systems, Amdahl offers software products, educational and professional services, and hardware maintenance services. As part of its software products, the Company offers Huron, a comprehensive applications development and production system, UTS, a UNIX based operating system for IBM compatible mainframes, and its A+ family of performance and productivity tools for the open systems environment. The Company is organized along lines of business consisting of its compatible processor, storage, maintenance and professional services, Huron and open systems operations. The Company intends to enhance its professional and consulting services business and to enter into partnerships and alliances with other companies as a way of enhancing its existing product offerings and developing new products and services. Until its Huron, professional services and open systems offerings are more fully developed, however, the large-scale compatible processor business, including its related maintenance service and storage components, will continue to be the primary source of the Company's revenues. Fujitsu Limited ("Fujitsu"), a major Japanese manufacturer of computer systems, telecommunications equipment and electronic components, owns approximately 44% of the Company's outstanding common stock and is of substantial importance to the Company in the areas of manufacturing and technical assistance and supply of subsystems and components. Fujitsu also manufactures the Company's principal storage products. In November 1993 Amdahl and Fujitsu entered into an agreement pursuant to which Amdahl and Fujitsu would participate in the joint development of the Company's next generation of compatible mainframes. Under the agreement, Fujitsu will undertake primary responsibility for the design and manufacture of these systems. Because of Amdahl's increased dependence on Fujitsu as its supplier of future large- scale compatible processors and Fujitsu's participation with the Company in certain other ongoing research and development activities, the ability to negotiate favorable pricing terms with respect to future product requirements and to maintain a satisfactory working relationship are important. Marketing The Company markets its products directly through its sales force to customers in the United States, Canada, Europe and Asia Pacific, through Fujitsu in Brazil, Japan, Malaysia and Spain and through other distributors in Indonesia, Saudi Arabia, Latin America, South Africa and Korea. In 1994 approximately 42% of Amdahl's revenues were from international operations. The Company offers its products for sale and lease. For further information on leasing see "Note 3 - Equipment Leasing and Third Party Transactions" on page 32 of the Annual Report. Service for Amdahl products is provided under service and parts warranty or separate maintenance agreements. For further information on warranties, see "Note 1 - Summary of Accounting Practices" on pages 29 and 30 of the Annual Report. While it may receive "letters of intent" and "orders" from potential customers, typically the Company does not have a firm contract with a customer until shortly before shipment. In addition, the Company in many cases will permit cancellation of an order without charge at any time until actual delivery, which is common practice in the industry. For these reasons, the Company does not believe indications of customer interest and "orders" constitute a firm "backlog" and believes that a disclosure of a value of unfilled orders is not a meaningful indicator of revenues nor material to an understanding of its business. Major Customer Information and Geographic Area Data The information under "Note 8 - Major Customer, Geographic Area, and Product Line Data" on pages 37 and 38 of the Annual Report is incorporated by reference. Competition The principal segment of the data processing industry in which the Company competes remains the highly competitive mainframe computer system and related storage products and services segment. Amdahl markets its products in competition with several major multinational companies with substantial resources. IBM is Amdahl's principal competitor and is dominant in this segment of the computer industry. Competition is based primarily on price and performance, product enhancements and new product development, and customer service and support. However, price/performance relationships can change as new models or enhancements to existing models are introduced and as prices change. The financial strength and long-term viability of the supplier are also important. IBM competitive actions in the large-scale computer market and related submarkets have historically taken the form of price reductions and shortened product life cycles. As a result, selling prices and residual values of large-scale computer systems have declined substantially over time. Also, the continuing introduction by IBM of certain product modifications requires that Amdahl make comparable changes to remain fully compatible. The growth in the market for large-scale computers has been affected by rapid technological changes in recent years which have enabled smaller, less costly computer systems to compete for the development of application programs historically run in mainframe environments. The areas into which the Company has diversified its product, software and service offerings are also intensely competitive. Competitors include both highly specialized companies as well as fully integrated vendors such as IBM, Digital Equipment Corporation and Hewlett- Packard Company. New computer products, particularly in the open systems marketplace, are subject to rapid technological changes, short product life cycles, frequent product enhancements and price reductions. For software products, ease of use, product reliability, quality of technical support and product capabilities are important. Strength of distribution channels and brand name recognition are also of great importance. While the Company believes that it can compete successfully in its established and newer areas of business, there remain the inherent risks attendant with the introduction of new technologies and in successfully introducing product offerings not related to its traditional compatible processor business. For further discussion of competitive conditions, see "Management's Discussion & Analysis - Results of Operations and Factors That May Affect Future Operating Results" on pages 20, 22 and 23 of the Annual Report. Manufacturing Amdahl manufactures its computers in Sunnyvale, California and near Dublin, Ireland. Major subsystems and components used in its computers are manufactured by Amdahl as well as by Fujitsu. As part of prior years' restructuring programs, Amdahl has significantly reduced its manufacturing capacity, partly to address the lower levels of business experienced in the large- scale mainframe market and in anticipation of greater dependence on Fujitsu for the supply of future mainframe products. Amdahl purchases under contracts with Fujitsu certain subassemblies and substantially all of its large-scale integrated semiconductor components and high-density printed circuit boards. Its primary products are manufactured by Fujitsu to Amdahl specifications. While the Company seeks to identify qualified second sources of supply and to maintain adequate inventories, it may have only one source of supply for certain critical components, and material interruptions in product shipments could occur if those components were unavailable for a period of time. In addition, if for a substantial period Fujitsu failed to deliver subassemblies, direct- access storage devices or certain other equipment as required under manufacturing agreements with Amdahl, or should Fujitsu fail to meet development or manufacturing schedules for future mainframe products, serious interruptions to the Company's delivery schedules would occur, which would have a material adverse effect on the Company. The current supply agreements between Amdahl and Fujitsu generally provide for fixed U.S. dollar prices so long as the U.S.-Japanese currency exchange rate remains within a specified range. If the exchange rate fluctuates outside of this range, prices are to be adjusted pursuant to a formula under which Amdahl and Fujitsu will share equally any benefits or disadvantages. For further information regarding purchases from Fujitsu see "Note 2 - Relationship with Fujitsu Limited" on page 31 of the Annual Report. Product Development The Company's future prospects depend upon its successful introduction of new products. During the last three years, the Company's product development costs, including amounts expended on development of both existing and new products, amounted to $203,241,000 in 1994, $334,514,000 in 1993, and $372,365,000 in 1992. However, as part of recent restructuring efforts, the Company has substantially reduced certain of its product development activities and expects that future product development expenditures will be considerably below those of recent years. The Company intends to rely, to a much greater degree than in the past, on strategic alliances, partnering arrangements and OEM relationships for major new products or product components. Patents, Licenses and Related Matters Amdahl has an active program to file applications for and obtain patents in the United States and in selected foreign countries where a potential market for its products exists. The Company's general policy has been to seek patent protection for those inventions and improvements likely to be incorporated into its products or otherwise expected to be of value. While Amdahl believes that its patents and applications have value, it also believes that its competitive position depends on the technical competence of its development personnel and the ability to successfully enter into partnering or OEM agreements with outside suppliers. Amdahl and IBM are parties to an agreement pursuant to which each grants to the other nonexclusive worldwide licenses as to certain of each other's patents to be issued on patent applications having an effective filing date prior to January 1, 1998. Under the agreement, which supersedes prior agreements between the companies, Amdahl is licensed under substantially all IBM patents relating to computer systems and software, communications networks and related semiconductor technology, generally covering the planned products of the Company while IBM is licensed under substantially all Amdahl patents. For further information regarding IBM see "Management's Discussion and Analysis - Factors That May Affect Future Operating Results" on page 23 of the Annual Report. The Company has also entered into licensing agreements with others and contemplates entering into additional license agreements under patents or know-how in the routine conduct of its business. Employees As of February 24, 1995, the Company had approximately 5,600 full-time employees. Executive Officers of Amdahl The executive officers of the Company as of February 1, 1995 are as follows: Name Age Positions ----- ----- ---------- John C. Lewis 59 Chairman of the Board E. Joseph Zemke 54 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Linda T. Alepin 49 Vice President, Business Development David L. Anderson 47 Vice President and General Manager, Compatible Systems John C. Cavalier 55 President and Chief Executive Officer, Antares Alliance Group William F. Ferone 50 Vice President and General Manager, Customer Services William Flanagan 55 Vice President, Business and Marketing, Compatible Systems Charles E. Fonner 51 Vice President, Product Management and Marketing Orval J. Nutt 54 Vice President and General Manager, Worldwide Field Operations Anthony M. Pozos 54 Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Corporate Services Bruce J. Ryan 51 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary Ernest B. Thompson 58 Vice President and Controller David B. Wright 45 Vice President and General Manager, Worldwide Field Operations Mr. John C. Lewis has been Chairman of the Board since 1987. He was President of Amdahl from 1977, when he joined the Company, until 1987. He was the Company's Chief Executive Officer from 1983 until 1992. Mr. E. Joseph Zemke was elected President and a Director in 1987 and has been the Company's Chief Executive Officer since May 1992. He was the Chief Operating Officer from 1985, when he joined the Company, until 1992. Ms. Linda T. Alepin joined the Company in 1978. She held positions of increasing responsibility within the Company until she was appointed Vice President of Market Development in 1989. She was appointed Vice President of Business Development in 1993. Mr. David L. Anderson has been Vice President and General Manager of Compatible Systems since 1993. Mr. Anderson joined the Company in 1971 and was elected Vice President, Processor Product Management in 1987. In 1989 Mr. Anderson became Vice President of Advanced Systems and in 1992 became Vice President of Compatible Products Development. Mr. John C. Cavalier joined the Company in 1993 as Vice President and General Manager, Huron Sales and Development. In mid-1993 Mr. Cavalier became President and Chief Executive Officer of Antares Alliance Group. From 1990 through 1992 Mr. Cavalier was President and Chief Executive Officer of Bimillennium Corporation. Mr. William F. Ferone has been Vice President and General Manager of Customer Services since 1992. He joined the Company in 1978 and was elected Vice President of Customer Services in 1987. In 1988 he became Vice President of Unix Systems. Mr. Ferone was elected to the position of Vice President, Marketing, Open Systems Operations in 1990. Mr. William Flanagan joined the Company in 1973 and was elected Vice President of Manufacturing in 1985. In 1993 he became Vice President of Operations, Compatible Systems and in 1994 he was appointed Vice President, Business and Marketing, Compatible Systems. Mr. Charles E. Fonner joined the Company in 1979 and was elected Vice President of Systems Marketing in 1991. In 1992 Mr. Fonner became Vice President of Product Management and Marketing. Mr. Orval J. Nutt joined the Company in 1976 and was elected Vice President of Corporate Marketing in 1986 and Vice President and General Manager of U.S. Operations in 1991. In 1993 Mr. Nutt became Vice President and General Manager of Worldwide Field Operations. Mr. Anthony M. Pozos has been Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Corporate Services since 1986. Mr. Pozos joined the Company in 1976 as Corporate Vice President, Industrial Relations, and in 1983 assumed responsibility for Corporate Services. Mr. Bruce J. Ryan joined the Company in 1994 as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary. From 1993 through 1994 Mr. Ryan was Vice President of Industry Marketing at Digital Equipment Corporation, prior to which he served as Vice President and Corporate Controller. Mr. Ernest B. Thompson joined the Company in 1978 as Controller. He was elected Corporate Vice President in 1980. Mr. David B. Wright joined the Company in 1987 as a regional Vice President of Sales. After being named Vice President of Commercial U.S. Sales in 1989 and Vice President and General Manager of European Operations in 1992, Mr. Wright was appointed Vice President and General Manager of Worldwide Field Operations in 1993. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Amdahl's corporate headquarters is in Sunnyvale, California, as are its principal United States manufacturing, marketing, engineering and educational facilities, of which it owns 339,678 square feet and leases 944,051 square feet. Amdahl also leases approximately 106 sales and service offices throughout the United States, Canada, Europe, the Pacific Basin and Asia. See also "Note 12 - Lease Commitments" on page 43 of the Annual Report. Restructuring actions, which began in 1993, have caused certain Company facilities and properties to be under utilized. These include 716,000 square feet of leased properties worldwide, primarily sales, service and administrative offices, and property owned by the Company consisting of the International Headquarters in Dogmersfield Park, England (50,000 square feet) and a San Jose campus comprised of 13.2 acres and four buildings (289,000 square feet). The leased properties are being subleased or offered for sublease, and the other properties are being offered for sale. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Not Applicable. ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY OWNERS Not Applicable.  PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information under "Common Stock Dividends and Price Range" on page 44 of the Annual Report is incorporated by reference. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The information under "Summarized Quarterly Financial Data" on page 44 of the Annual Report is incorporated by reference. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The information under "Management's Discussion & Analysis" on pages 20 through 24 of the Annual Report is incorporated by reference. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The information on pages 25 through 45 of the Annual Report is incorporated by reference. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE Not Applicable. PART III ITEM 10 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT The information under "Certain Information with Respect to Directors and Officers - Nominees to Board of Directors" and "Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Act of 1934" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference. Also refer to the item entitled "Executive Officers of Amdahl" in Part I of this Form 10-K. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information under "Certain Information with Respect to Directors and Officers - Director Compensation" and "Executive Compensation" (but excluding the information under "Compensation Committee Report on Executive Compensation" and "Company Stock Price Performance") in the Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The information under "Principal Stockholders" and "Certain Information with Respect to Directors and Officers - Security Ownership" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS The information under "Certain Information with Respect to Directors and Executive Officers-Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation", "Certain Transactions" and "Loans to Executive Officers" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference. PART IV ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K (a)(1) Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements The following consolidated financial statements and related notes, together with the report thereon of Arthur Andersen LLP, independent public accountants, are incorporated by reference from the Annual Report: Consolidated Balance Sheets--December 30, 1994 and December 31, 1993. Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the three years in the period ended December 30, 1994. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 30, 1994. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 30, 1994. (a)(2) Schedules Supporting Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Public Accountants on Schedules II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves Schedules Omitted In accordance with the rules of Regulation S-X, the other required schedule is not submitted because (a) it is not applicable to or required by the Company or (b) the information required to be set forth therein is included in the consolidated financial statements or other schedules. (a)(3) Exhibits Exhibit Description ------- -----------  3(a) Restated Certificate of Incorporation  3(b) Restated By-Laws Executive Compensation Plans and Agreements ------------------------------------------- 10(a) 1994 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) of Registrant's Registration Statement 33-54171, filed June 17, 1994) 10(b) Executive Incentive Performance Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(f) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993)  10(c) Amdahl Corporation Officer Loan Program, as amended 10(d) Amdahl Corporation Director Fee Deferral Election Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(g) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 25, 1992) 10(e) Amdahl Corporation Deferral Election Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(h) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 25, 1992)  10(f) Amdahl Corporation Corporate Officer Severance Guidelines  10(g) Amdahl Corporation Chief Executive Officer Bonus Guidelines  10(h) Amdahl Corporation 1994 Bonus Program for Officers, Vice Presidents, Seniors and Keys 10(i) Form of Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement under the Restricted Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(k) of Registrant's Registration Statement 33-54171, filed June 17, 1994) Other Material Agreements ------------------------- 10(j) Partnership Agreement dated June 21, 1993 between wholly owned subsidiaries of Amdahl and Electronic Data Systems Corporation (Portions of this exhibit are deleted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(y) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993) 10(k) Joint Development Agreement between Amdahl and Fujitsu dated December 8, 1993 (Portions of this exhibit are deleted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(aa) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993) 10(l) Loan Agreement between Amdahl and Fujitsu dated January 29, 1994 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended April 1, 1994) Additional Exhibits -------------------  13 Annual Report to Stockholders for fiscal year 1994 (only those portions incorporated by reference)  21 List of Subsidiaries  23 Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP  24 Powers of Attorney  27 Financial Data Schedule  Filed herewith (b) Reports on Form 8-K No reports on Form 8-K were filed during the quarter ended December 30, 1994.  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS ON SCHEDULES To Amdahl Corporation: We have audited in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, the consolidated financial statements included in Amdahl Corporation's Annual Report to Stockholders incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K, and have issued our report thereon dated January 23, 1995. Our audits were made for the purpose of forming an opinion on those statements taken as a whole. The schedule listed under Item 14 is the responsibility of the Company's management and is presented for purposes of complying with the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and is not part of the basic financial statements. This schedule has been subjected to the auditing procedures applied in the audit of the basic financial statements and, in our opinion, fairly states in all material respects the financial data required to be set forth therein in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole. /s/Arthur Andersen LLP ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP San Jose, California January 23, 1995  BALANCE BEGINNING AND AND DEDUC- AT END OF PERIOD EXPENSES EQUIPMENT TIONS(3) OF PERIOD  YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 25, 1992: DOUBTFUL RECEIVABLES $ 4,796 $ 296(1) $ --- $ 1,865 $ 3,227 FUTURE ENGINEERING ======== ========== ========= ======== ======= CHANGES $ 37,111 $60,278(2) $9,032(2) $ 20,417 $86,004 ======== ========== ========= ======== ======= YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993: DOUBTFUL RECEIVABLES $ 3,227 $ 1,009(1) $ --- $ 970 $ 3,266 FUTURE ENGINEERING ======== ========== ========= ======== ======= CHANGES $ 86,004 $16,672(2) $ 967(2) $ 46,510 $57,133 ======== ========== ========= ======== ======= YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 30, 1994: DOUBTFUL RECEIVABLES $ 3,266 $ 2,080(1) $ --- $ 150 $ 5,196 FUTURE ENGINEERING ======== ========== ========= ======== ======= CHANGES $ 57,133 $ --- (2) $ ---(2) $ 18,490 $38,643 ======== ========== ========= ======== ======= (1) Estimated uncollectible accounts receivable. (2) Estimated costs of future engineering changes for shipped and capitalized systems. (3) The deductions represent charges against the reserves for the purposes for which the reserves were established. Doubtful receivables deductions also include changes in estimates.  INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS For the purposes of complying with the amendments to the rules governing Form S-8 under the Securities Act of 1933, the Company hereby undertakes as follows: Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers or controlling persons of the Company, the Company has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the 1933 Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Company of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Company in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities registered on the Form S-8 Registration Statements identified below, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the 1933 Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The preceding undertaking is hereby incorporated by reference to outstanding Registration Statements Nos. 33-55460 and 33-54171 of the Company on Form S-8.  SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 24th day of March, 1995. AMDAHL CORPORATION /s/ E. JOSEPH ZEMKE --------------------------- (E. Joseph Zemke, President and Chief Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signatures Title Date ---------- ----- ---- JOHN C. LEWIS  Chairman of the Board ------------------ (John C. Lewis) /s/E. JOSEPH ZEMKE President, Chief March 24, 1995 ------------------ Executive Officer (E. Joseph Zemke) and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ERNEST B. THOMPSON Vice President and March 24, 1995 --------------------- Controller (Ernest B. Thompson) (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/BRUCE J. RYAN Senior Vice President, March 24, 1995 ----------------- Chief Financial Officer (Bruce J. Ryan) and Corporate Secretary (Principal Financial Officer)  Signatures Title Date ---------- ----- ---- KEIZO FUKAGAWA  Director ------------------ (Keizo Fukagawa) E. F. HEIZER, JR.  Director -------------------- (E. F. Heizer, Jr.) KAZUTO KOJIMA  Director ------------------ (Kazuto Kojima) R. STANLEY LAING  Director ------------------- (R. Stanley Laing) BURTON G. MALKIEL  Director -------------------- (Burton G. Malkiel) GEORGE R. PACKARD  Director -------------------- (George R. Packard) WALTER B. REINHOLD  Director --------------------- (Walter B. Reinhold) TAKAMITSU TSUCHIMOTO  Director ----------------------- (Takamitsu Tsuchimoto)  J. SIDNEY WEBB  Director ------------------ (J. Sidney Webb)  By: /s/BRUCE J. RYAN Attorney-in-Fact March 24, 1995 ------------------ (Bruce J. Ryan)  EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Description ------- ----------- 3(a) Restated Certificate of Incorporation 3(b) Restated By-Laws 10(c) Amdahl Corporation Officer Loan Program, as amended 10(f) Amdahl Corporation Corporate Officer Severance Guidelines 10(g) Amdahl Corporation Chief Executive Officer Bonus Guidelines 10(h) Amdahl Corporation 1994 Bonus Program for Officers, Vice Presidents, Seniors and Keys 13 Annual Report to Stockholders for fiscal year 1994 (only those portions incorporated by reference) 21 List of Subsidiaries 23 Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP 24 Powers of Attorney 27 Financial Data Schedule  EX-3.(A) 2 Exhibit 3(a) RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF AMDAHL CORPORATION, A Corporation Organized and Existing Under and By Virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware Hereby Certifies as follows: 1. The date of filing of its original Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was March 8, 1972. 2. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted by the directors of this Corporation in accordance with the provisions of Section 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 3. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation restates and integrates, and does not further amend, the provision of this Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation as heretofore amended or supplemented, and there is no discrepancy between those provisions and the provisions hereof. 4. The provisions of the original Certificate of Incorporation which named the incorporators, have been omitted pursuant to Section 245(c) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 5. The text of the Certificate of Incorporation is hereby restated and integrated to read as herein set forth in full: FIRST. The name of the Corporation is AMDAHL CORPORATION. SECOND. The address of its registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle. The name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company. THIRD. The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted is to engage in any lawful act activity for which Corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware. FOURTH. The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 205,000,000 shares, of which 5,000,000 shares shall be Preferred Stock with a par value of $1.00 per share and 200,000,000 shares shall be common stock with a par value of $.05 per share amounting in the aggregate to Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000). Part A. Provisions Relating to Preferred Stock 1. The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series, each of such series to have such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as are stated and expressed herein and in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such series adopted by the Board of Directors as hereinafter provided. 2. Authority is hereby expressly granted to the Board of Directors, subject to the provisions of this Part A, to authorize the issue of one or more series of Preferred Stock and with respect to each series to fix by resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such series: (a) The number of shares to constitute such series and the distinctive designation thereof, provided that, unless stated otherwise in any resolution or resolutions relating to such series, such number of shares may be increased or decreased by the Board of Directors; (b) The relative priority of such series in relation to other series of Preferred Stock in relation to dividends, distributions of assets upon liquidation or otherwise; (c) The annual dividend rate on the shares of such series, the date or dates upon which such dividends shall be payable and the date or dates from which dividends shall accumulate; (d) Whether or not the shares of such series shall be subject to redemption, the limitations and restrictions with respect to such redemption, if any, and the times of redemption of the shares of such series and the prices to which the holders of such series shall be entitled to receive upon the redemption thereof, which prices may vary at different redemption dates and may also be different with respect to shares redeemed through the operation of any retirement or sinking fund and with respect to shares otherwise redeemed; (e) Whether or not the shares of such series shall be subject to the operation of a retirement or sinking fund and, if so, the extent to and manner in which it shall be applied to the purchase or redemption of the shares of such series for retirement or to other corporate purposes and the terms and provisions relative to the operation thereof; (f) The amount or amounts which the holders of such series shall be entitled to receive upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, which may be different for voluntary and involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up; (g) Whether or not the shares of such series shall be convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of stock of any other class or classes or of any other series of the same class (except into a class or series of shares having preferences as to dividends or distribution of assets upon liquidation which are prior or superior in rank to such series), and if so convertible or exchangeable, the price or prices or the rate or rates of conversion or exchange and the method, if any, of adjusting the same, and the other terms and conditions of such conversion or exchange; (h) The voting rights, if any, of holders of shares of such series in addition to the voting rights provided for in this Part A and by applicable law; (i) The limitations and restrictions, if any, to be effective while any shares of such series are outstanding upon the payment of dividends or making of other distributions on, and upon the purchase, redemption or other acquisition by the Corporation of, the common stock or any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the shares of such series; and (j) Any other preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall not be inconsistent with this Part A. 3. The Corporation, at the option of the Board of Directors, may, at any time permitted by the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors providing for the issue of any series of the Preferred Stock and at the redemption price or prices stated in said resolution or resolutions, redeem the whole or any part of the shares of such series at the time outstanding (the total sum, including accrued dividends, so payable on any such redemption being herein referred to as the "redemption price"). Notice of every such redemption shall be mailed to the holders of record of the shares of Preferred Stock so to be redeemed at their respective addresses as the same shall appear on the stock transfer books of the Corporation. Each such notice of redemption shall (i) specify the date fixed for redemption and the redemption price at which the shares of any such series are to be redeemed, (ii) state that payment of the redemption price will be made at the offices or agencies to be maintained by the Corporation upon presentation and surrender of such shares, (iii) state that accumulated but unpaid dividends accrued to the date fixed for redemption will be paid as specified in said notice, (iv) state that on and after said date dividends thereon will cease to accrue, and (v) if the shares of the series are convertible or exchangeable, state the conversion price or exchange rate, the date on which the right to convert or exchange the shares to be redeemed will terminate and the offices or agencies where the shares may be surrendered for conversion or exchange. If less than all the shares of any series are to be redeemed, the notice of redemption mailed to each holder of shares of such series to be redeemed shall specify the number of shares held by such holder to be redeemed. In case any certificate represents shares of any such series to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption which is mailed and which relates to such certificate shall state the number of shares of such series to be redeemed and shall state that on and after the redemption date, upon surrender of such certificate, a new certificate or certificates for a number of shares of such series equal to the unredeemed portion thereof will be issued. Such notice shall be mailed by first class mail, postage prepaid, at least 30 but not more than 60 days in advance of the date designated for such redemption to the holders of record of shares so to be redeemed. In case of the redemption of a part only of any series of Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares of such series so to be redeemed shall be selected pro rata or by lot or in such other manner as the Board of Directors may determine to be equitable. 4. If, on the redemption date specified in such notice, the funds necessary for such redemption shall have been set aside by the Corporation, separate and apart from its other funds, in trust for the pro rata benefit of the holders of the shares so called for redemption, then, notwithstanding that any certificates for shares of Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall not have been surrendered for cancellation, the shares represented thereby shall no longer be deemed outstanding, the right to receive dividends thereon shall cease to accrue from and after the date of redemption so designated and all rights of holders of the shares of Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall forthwith, after such redemption date, cease and terminate, excepting only the right of the holders thereof to receive the redemption price therefor but without interest. Any moneys so set aside by the Corporation and unclaimed at the end of three years from the date designated for such redemption shall revert to the general funds of the Corporation, after which reversion the holders of such shares so called for redemption shall look only to the Corporation for payment of the redemption price. 5. If, after the giving of such notice but before the redemption date specified therein, the Corporation shall deposit with a bank or trust company in the City of New York or the City of San Francisco, having a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000, in trust to be applied to the redemption of the shares of Preferred Stock so called for redemption, the funds necessary for such redemption, then from and after the date of such deposit all rights of the holders of the shares of Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive the redemption price therefor, but without interest, and the right to exercise on or before the date designated for redemption privileges of conversion or exchange, if any, not theretofore expired, and such shares shall not be deemed to be outstanding. Any funds so deposited which shall not be required for such redemption because of the exercise of any such right of conversion or exchange subsequent to the date of such deposit shall be returned to the Corporation. In case the holders of shares of Preferred Stock which shall have been called for redemption shall not, within three years after the date fixed for redemption, claim the amount deposited with respect to the redemption thereof, any such bank or trust company shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, upon demand, pay over to the Corporation such unclaimed amounts and thereupon such bank or trust company shall be relieved of all responsibility in respect thereof to such holder and such holder shall look only to the Corporation for the payment thereof. Any interest accrued on funds so deposited shall be paid to the Corporation from time to time. 6. Shares of Preferred Stock which have been issued and reacquired in any manner by the Corporation (whether as a result of purchase, redemption, conversion or exchange) shall, when retired or deemed retired, have the status of authorized and unissued shares of Preferred Stock undesignated as to series and may be reissued as a part of the series of which they were originally a part or issued as part of a new series of Preferred Stock or as part of any other series of Preferred Stock, all subject to the conditions or restrictions on issuance set forth in any resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors providing for the issuance of any series of Preferred Stock. 7. So long as any of the Preferred Stock is outstanding, the Corporation will not (a) Without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least 66-2/3 percent of all shares of Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, regardless of series, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or by resolution adopted at an annual or special meeting called for the purpose, at which the holders of the Preferred Stock, regardless of series, shall vote separately as a class, (i) amend, alter, repeal or add to any of the provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation so as adversely to affect the preferences, rights or powers of the Preferred Stock; or (ii) authorize, create or increase the authorized number of shares of, or reclassify any authorized stock of the Corporation into, any stock of any class, or any security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase stock of any class, ranking, by the terms of such authorization or reclassification, prior to the Preferred Stock either as to dividends or upon liquidation, or which could be so issued as to rank prior to the Preferred Stock if further action contemplated by such terms were taken; (b) Without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least 50 percent of all shares of Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, regardless of series, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or by resolution adopted at an annual or special meeting called for the purpose, at which the holders of the Preferred Stock, regardless of series, shall vote separately as a class, increase the authorized number of shares of Preferred Stock or authorize, create or increase the authorized number of shares of, or reclassify any authorized stock of the Corporation into, any stock of any class, or any security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase stock of any class, ranking, by the terms of such authorization or reclassification, on a parity with the Preferred Stock either as to dividends or upon liquidation, or which could be so issued as to rank on a parity with the Preferred Stock if further action contemplated by such terms were taken; or (c) Without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least 66-2/3 percent of the shares of any series of the Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or by resolution adopted at an annual or special meeting called for the purpose, at which the holders of such series of the Preferred Stock shall vote separately as a series, amend, alter, repeal or add to any of the provisions in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors providing for the issue of such series so as adversely to affect the preferences, rights or powers of the Preferred Stock of such series. 8. If and whenever six quarterly dividends (whether or not consecutive) payable on any series of the Preferred Stock shall be in arrears in whole or in part whether or not earned or declared, the number of directors then constituting the Board of Directors shall be increased by two and the holders of the Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class, regardless of series, shall have the exclusive and special right to elect the two additional directors at any annual meeting of stockholders or special meeting held in place thereof or at a special meeting of the holders of the Preferred Stock called as hereinafter provided. Whenever all arrears in dividends on the Preferred Stock then outstanding shall have been paid and dividends thereon for the current quarterly dividend period shall have been paid or declared and set apart for payment, then the right of the holders of the Preferred Stock to elect such additional two directors shall cease (but subject always to the same provisions for the vesting of such voting rights in the case of any similar future arrearages in dividends), and the terms of office of all persons elected as directors by the holders of the Preferred Stock shall forthwith terminate and the number of the Board of Directors shall be reduced accordingly. At any time after such voting power shall have been so vested in the Preferred Stock, the Secretary of the Corporation may, and upon the written request of the holder of the Preferred Stock (addressed to the Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation) shall, call a special meeting of the holders of the Preferred Stock for the election of the two directors to be elected by them as herein provided, such call to be made by notice similar to that provided in the By-Laws for a special meeting of the stockholders or as required by law. If any such special meeting required to be called as above provided shall not be called by the Secretary within 20 days after receipt of any such request, then any holder of the Preferred Stock may call such meeting, upon the notice above provided, and for that purpose shall have access to the stock books of the Corporation. The directors elected at any such special meeting shall hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or special meeting held in place thereof if such office shall not have previously terminated as above provided. In case any vacancy shall occur among the directors elected by the holders of the Preferred Stock, a successor shall be elected by the Board of Directors to serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or special meeting held in place thereof upon the nomination of the then remaining director elected by the holders of the Preferred Stock or the successor of such remaining director. 9. Except as may be required by applicable law, as provided in this Part A or as may be provided in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors providing for the issue of any series of the Preferred Stock, no holder of Preferred Stock as such shall have any voting powers as to any matters upon which stockholders of the Corporation have the right to vote. Part B. Provisions Relating to Common Stock Subject to the special voting rights of the Preferred Stock set forth or determined as provided above, each holder of common stock of the Corporation shall be entitled to one vote for each share of such stock outstanding in the name of such holder on the books of the Corporation on the record date designated for the purpose of such vote; provided, however, that in all elections of directors of the Corporation, each holder of any shares of common stock of this Corporation shall be entitled to as many votes as shall equal the number of votes which (except for this Part B provision as to cumulative voting) he would be entitled to cast for the election of directors with respect to his shares of stock multiplied by the number of directors to be elected by him, and he may cast all of such votes for a single director or may distribute them among the number to be voted for, or for any two or more of them as he may see fit. FIFTH. The Corporation is to have perpetual existence. SIXTH. In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized: (a) To make, alter or repeal the by-laws of the Corporation; (b) To authorize and cause to be executed mortgages and liens upon the real and personal property of the Corporation; (c) To set apart out of any of the funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and to abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created; (d) By a majority of the whole Board, to designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of two or more of the Directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified members at any meeting of the committee. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution or in the By-Laws of the Corporation, shall have and may exercise the powers of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may required it; provided, however, the By-Laws may provide that in the absence or disqualification of any member of such committee or committees, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. (e) When and as authorized by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding having voting power given at a stockholder's meeting duly called upon such notice as is required by statute, or when authorized by the written consent of the holders of a majority of the voting stock issued and outstanding, to sell, lease or exchange all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Corporation, including its goodwill and its Corporate franchises, upon such terms and conditions and for such consideration, which may consist in whole or in part of money or property including shares of stock in, and/or other securities of, any other Corporation or Corporations, as its Board of Directors shall deem expedient and for the best interests of the Corporation. SEVENTH. Whenever a compromise or arrangement is proposed between this Corporation and its creditors or any class of them and/or between this Corporation and its stockholders or any class of them, any court of equitable jurisdiction within the State of Delaware may, on the application in a summary way of this Corporation or of any creditor or stockholder thereof or on the application of any receiver or receivers appointed for this Corporation under the provisions of Section 291 of Title 8 of the Delaware code or on the application of trustees in dissolution or of any receiver or receivers appointed for this Corporation under the provisions of Section 279 of Title 8 of the Delaware code order a meeting of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of this Corporation, as the case may be, to be summoned in such manner as the said court directs. If a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of this Corporation, as the case may be, agree to any compromise or arrangement and to any reorganization of this Corporation as a consequence of such compromise or arrangement, the said compromise or arrangement and the said reorganization shall, if sanctioned by the court to which the said application has been made, be binding on all the creditors or class of creditors, and/or on all the stockholders or class of stockholders, of this Corporation, as the case may be, and also on this Corporation. EIGHTH. Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the By-Laws may provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the statutes) outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or in the By-Laws of the Corporation. Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the By-Laws of the Corporation shall so provide. NINTH. At all elections of directors of the Corporation, each holder of any shar  es of common stock of this Corporation shall be entitled to as many votes as shall equal the number of votes which (except for this Article NINTH) he would be entitled to cast for the election of directors with respect to his shares of stock multiplied by the number of directors to be elected by him, and he may cast all of such votes for a single director or may distribute them among the number to be voted for, or for any two or more of them as he may see fit. TENTH. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation. ELEVENTH. A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of his fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for any breach of the Director's duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which the Director derived any improper personal benefit. If the Delaware General Corporation Law is hereafter amended to authorize, with the approval of a Corporation's stockholders, further reductions in the liability of the Corporation's directors for breach of fiduciary duty, then a director of the Corporation shall not be liable for any such breach to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law as so amended. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article ELEVENTH by the stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification.  EX-3.(B) 3  Exhibit 3(b) AMDAHL CORPORATION RESTATED BY-LAWS ---------------- Article I --------- OFFICES ------- SECTION 1. The registered office shall be in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware. SECTION 2. The Corporation may also have offices at such other places both within and without the State of Delaware as the Board of the Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require. Article II ---------- MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS ----------------------- SECTION 1. All meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors shall be held in the City of Sunnyvale, State of California, at such place as may be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors, or at such other place either within or without the State of Delaware as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors and stated in the notice of the meeting. Meetings of stockholders for any other purpose may be held at such time and place, within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be stated in the notice of the meeting or in a duly executed waiver of notice thereof. SECTION 2. Annual meetings of stockholders shall be held on the third Tuesday in April, if not a legal holiday, and if a legal holiday, then on the next secular day following, at 10:00 a.m., or at such other date and time as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors and stated in the notice of the meeting, at which they shall elect a Board of Directors and transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting. SECTION 3. Written notice of the Annual Meeting stating the place, date and hour of the meeting shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting not less than ten nor more than fifty days before the date of the meeting. SECTION 4. The office who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten days before every meeting of the stockholders, and complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. SECTION 5. Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation, may be called by the Chairman of the Board or any two directors and shall be called by the Chairman of the Board or Secretary at the request in writing of one or more shareholders holding not less than one-third of the voting power of the Corporation. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. SECTION 6. Written notice of a special meeting stating the place, date and hour of the meeting and the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be given not less than ten nor more than fifty days before the date of the meeting, to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. SECTION 7. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice. SECTION 8. The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business except as otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented. At such adjourned meeting, at which a quorum shall be present or represented, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed. If the adjournment is for more than thirty days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. SECTION 9. When a quorum is present at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock having voting power present in person or represented by proxy shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which by express provision of the statutes or of the Certificate of Incorporation, a different vote is required in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question. SECTION 10. Except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder shall at every meeting of the stockholders be entitled to one vote in person or by proxy for every share of the capital stock having voting power held by such stockholder, but no proxy shall be voted on or after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. SECTION 11. Any action required or permitted, by statute or otherwise, to be taken at any annual or special meeting of the shareholders of this Corporation, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Prompt notice of the taking of such corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. Article III ----------- DIRECTORS --------- SECTION 1. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board shall be eleven (11). The directors shall be elected at the Annual Meeting of the stockholders, except as provided in Section 2 of this Article, and each director elected shall hold office until his successor is elected and qualified. Directors need not be stockholders. SECTION 2. Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and the directors so chosen shall hold office until the next annual election and until their successors are duly elected and shall qualify, unless soon displaced. If there are no directors in office, then an election of directors may be held in the manner provided by statute. If, at the time of filling any vacancy or any newly created directorship, the directors then in office shall constitute less than a majority of the whole board (as constituted immediately prior to any such increase), the Court of Chancery may, upon application of any stockholder or stockholders holding at least ten percent of the total number of the shares at the time outstanding having the right to vote for such directors, summarily order an election to be held to fill any such vacancies or newly created directorships, or to replace the directors chosen by the directors then in office. SECTION 3. The business of the Corporation shall be managed by its Board of Directors which may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these by-laws directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. MEETINGS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ---------------------------------- SECTION 4. The Board of Directors of the Corporation may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or without the State of Delaware. SECTION 5. The first meeting of each newly elected Board of Directors shall be held immediately following and at the same place as the Annual Meeting of the stockholders and no notice of such meeting shall be necessary to the newly elected directors in order legally to constitute the meeting, provided a quorum shall be present. In the event such meeting is not held at the time and place set forth above, the meeting may be held at such time and place as shall be specified in a notice given as hereinafter provided for special meetings of the Board of Directors, or as shall be specified in a written waiver signed by all of the directors. SECTION 6. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the Board. SECTION 7. Special meetings of the Board may be called by the Chairman of the Board on three days' notice to each director, either personally or by telegram or on five days' notice to each director by mail; special meetings shall be called by the Chairman of the Board or Secretary in like manner and on like notice on the written request of two directors. SECTION 8. At all meetings of the Board a majority of the total number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board of Directors, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. SECTION 9. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these by- laws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any Committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board or Committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or Committee. COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS ----------------------- SECTION 10. The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of two or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution, shall have and may exercise the powers of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; provided, however, that in the absence or disqualification of any member of such committee or committees, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Such committee or committees shall have such name or names as may be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors. SECTION 11. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meeting and report the same to the Board of Directors when required. COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS ------------------------- SECTION 12. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors or a stated salary as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings. Article IV ---------- NOTICES ------- SECTION 1. Whenever, under the provisions of the statutes or of the Certificate of Incorporation or of these by-laws, notice is required to be given to any director or stockholder, it shall not be construed to mean personal notice, but such notice may be given in writing, by mail, addressed to such director or stockholder, at his address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid, and such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time when the same shall be deposited in the United States mail. Notice to directors may also be given personally or by telegram. SECTION 2. Whenever any notice is required to be given under the provisions of the statutes or of the Certificate of Incorporation or of these by-laws, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto. Article V --------- OFFICERS -------- SECTION 1. The officers of the Corporation shall be chosen by the Board of Directors and shall be a Chairman of the Board, a President, a Vice-President, a Secretary, and a Treasurer. The Board of Directors may also choose additional Vice- Presidents, and one or more Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, unless the Certificate of Incorporation or these by-laws otherwise provide. SECTION 2. The Board of Directors at its first meeting after each Annual Meeting of stockholders shall choose a Chairman of the Board, a President, one or more Vice-Presidents, a Secretary, and a Treasurer. SECTION 3. The Board of Directors may appoint such other officers and agents as it shall deem necessary who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the board. SECTION 4. The salaries of all officers and agents of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may appoint a committee of its members to fix such salaries. It may also appoint an officer to fix the salaries of subordinate officers and agents. SECTION 5. The officers of the Corporation shall hold office until their successors are chosen and qualify. Any officer elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the Board of Directors. THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD ------------------------- SECTION 6. The Chairman of the Board shall, subject to the control of the board, and subject to the provisions below, and the by-laws of the Corporation, have and be vested with supervision and control over the business, affairs and property of the Corporation and over its other officers, agents and employees. The Chairman of the Board shall: (a) Have the right to preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors. (b) Have the right to preside at all meetings of stockholders. (c) Be responsible for all resolutions, orders and directives of the Board of Directors being carried into effect. (d) Keep the Board of Directors and any committees of the board fully informed as to all matters within his knowledge which the interests of the Corporation may require to be brought to their notice and shall freely consult them concerning the affairs of the Corporation. (e) Be an ex-officio member of all committees of the board of which he is not otherwise a member. (f) Execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts requiring a seal, under the seal of the Corporation, and upon specific approval of the board for each instance, where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the board of directors to some other officer or agent of the Corporation. (g) Perform such other duties as these by-laws prescribe or as the Board of Directors may prescribe from time to time. THE PRESIDENT ------------- SECTION 7. The President shall, subject to the control of the Board, and subject to the provisions below and the by-laws of the Corporation, have and be vested with supervision and control over the Corporation's manufacturing and domestic marketing operations, as well as the design and development of the Corporation's products. The President shall: (a) In the absence of the Chairman of the Board, or at his request, preside at meetings of the Board of Directors or act as Chairman of meetings of stockholders. (b) At the request of the Chairman of the Board, or in the case of his absence or inability to act, perform the duties of the Chairman of the Board and when so acting shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the Chairman of the Board. (c) From time to time report to the Chairman of the Board and the Board of Directors upon all matters within his knowledge which the interests of the Corporation may require to be brought to their notice. (d) Keep the Chairman of the Board, the Board of Directors and any committees of the Board fully informed as to all matters within his knowledge which the interests of the Corporation may require to be brought to their notice including, but not limited to, the operations of the Corporation, and shall freely consult them concerning the affairs of the Corporation. (e) Execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts requiring a seal, under the seal of the Corporation, and upon specific approval of the Board for each instance, where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors to some other officer or agent of the Corporation. (f) Perform all duties incident to the office President and such other duties as these by-laws prescribe, as the Board of Directors may prescribe from time to time and as may be assigned to him by the Chairman of the Board. THE VICE-PRESIDENTS ------------------- SECTION 8. The Vice-President (or in the event there be more than one Vice-President, the Vice-Presidents in the order designated by the Board of Directors, or in the absence of such designation, then in the order designated by the Chairman of the Board) may assume and perform the duties of the President and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President in the absence of the President or in the event of his inability to act. The Vice-Presidents shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. THE SECRETARY AND ASSISTANT SECRETARIES --------------------------------------- SECTION 9. The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the Board of Directors and all meetings of the stockholders and record all the proceedings of the meetings of the Corporation and of the Board of Directors in a book to be kept for that purpose and shall perform like duties for the standing committees when required. He shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or the Chairman of the Board, under whose supervision he shall be. He shall have custody of the corporate seal of the Corporation and he, or an Assistant Secretary, shall have authority to affix the same to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed, it may be attested by his signature or by the signature of such Assistant Secretary. The Board of Directors may give general authority to any officer to affix the seal of the Corporation and to attest the affixing by his signature. SECTION 10. The Assistant Secretary, or if there be more than one, the Assistant Secretaries in the order determined by the Board of Directors (or if there be no such determination, then in the order of their election), shall, in the absence of the Secretary or in the event of his inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. THE TREASURER AND ASSISTANT TREASURERS -------------------------------------- SECTION 11. The Treasurer shall have the custody of the Corporation's funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors. SECTION 12. He may disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the Chairman of the Board and the Board of Directors, at its regular meetings, or when the Board of Directors so requires, an account of transactions and of the financial condition of the Corporation. SECTION 13. If required by the Board of Directors, the Treasurer may give the Corporation a bond (which shall be renewed every six years) in such sum and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the Board of Directors for the faithful performance of the duties of his office and for the restoration to the Corporation, in case of his death, resignation, retirement or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever kind in his possession or under his control belonging to the Corporation SECTION 14. The Assistant Treasurer, or if there shall be more than one, the Assistant Treasurers in the order determined by the Board of Directors (or if there be no such determination, then in the order of their election), shall, in the absence of the Treasurer or in the event of his inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Treasurer and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. Article VI ---------- CERTIFICATES OF STOCK --------------------- SECTION 1. Every holder of stock in the Corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate, signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by, the Chairman of the Board or the President or a vice-president and the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation, certifying the number of shares owned by him in the Corporation. SECTION 2. Where a certificate is countersigned (1) by a transfer agent other than the Corporation or its employee, or, (2) by a registrar other than the Corporation or its employee, any other signature on the certificate may be facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. LOST CERTIFICATES ----------------- SECTION 3. The Board of Directors may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed. When authorizing such issue of a new certificate or certificates, the Board of Directors, may in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate or certificates, or his legal representative, to advertise the same in such manner as it shall require and/or give the Corporation a bond in such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed. TRANSFERS OF STOCK ------------------ SECTION 4. Upon surrender to the Corporation or the transfer agent of the Corporation of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignment or authority transfer, it shall be the duty of the Corporation, subject to restrictions on transfer of such shares, if any, to issue a new certificate to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate and record the transaction upon its books. FIXED RECORD DATE ----------------- SECTION 5. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty days prior to any other action. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS ----------------------- SECTION 6. The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends,  and to vote as such owner, and to hold liable for calls and assessments a person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware. Article VII ----------- GENERAL PROVISIONS DIVIDENDS ---------------------------- SECTION 1. Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting, pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation. Upon the declaration of any dividend, the Board of Directors shall set a record date upon which the transfer agent of the Corporation shall take a record of all stockholders entitled to the dividend; the stock transfer books of the Corporation shall not be closed; and, all stockholders of record on the record date shall be entitled to the dividend notwithstanding any transfer on the books of the Corporation after the record date. SECTION 2. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the directors from time to time, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for such other purpose as the directors shall think conducive to the interest of the Corporation, and the directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created. SECTION 3. The Board of Directors shall present at each annual meeting, and at any special meeting of the stockholders when called for by vote of the stockholders, a full and clear statement of the business and condition of the Corporation. CHECKS ------ SECTION 4. All checks or demands for money and notes of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person or persons as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate. FISCAL YEAR ----------- SECTION 5. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin on the Saturday immediately following the last Friday in December of each calendar year, and shall end on the last Friday in December of the following calendar year. SEAL ---- SECTION 6. The Corporate Seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the date of its organization and the name of the State of Delaware. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise. Article VIII ------------ AMENDMENTS ---------- SECTION 1. These by-laws may be altered, amended or repealed or new bylaws may be adopted by the stockholders or by the Board of Directors, when such power is conferred upon the Board of Directors by the Certificate of Incorporation, at any regular meeting of the stockholders or of the Board of Directors or at any special meeting of the stockholders or of the Board of Directors if notice of such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of new by-laws be contained in the notice of such special meeting. Article IX ---------- INDEMNIFICATION --------------- SECTION 1. Each person who is or was a director or officer of the Corporation and is or was made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a "proceeding"), by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person of whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another Corporation or a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, against all expense, liability and loss (including attorney's fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection with the investigation, defense or appeal thereof and such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that except as provided in Section 3 hereof, the Corporation shall indemnify any such person seeking indemnification in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. SECTION 2. Each person who may have a right to indemnification under this Article shall also have the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses incurred in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that if the Delaware General Corporation Law requires, the payment of such expenses incurred by a director or officer in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such person while a director or officer, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) in advance of the final disposition of a proceeding, shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such director or officer, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article or otherwise. The Corporation may, by action of the Board of Directors, provide indemnification to employees and agents of the Corporation with the same scope and effect as the foregoing indemnification of directors and officers. SECTION 3. If a claim under this Article is not paid in full by the Corporation within thirty days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation, the claimant may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim and, if successful in whole or in part, the claimant shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting such claim. It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for expenses incurred in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition where the required undertaking, if any is required, has been tendered to the Corporation) that the claimant has not met the standards of conduct which make it permissible under the Delaware General Corporation Law for the Corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed, but the burden of proving such defense shall be on the Corporation. SECTION 4. The right to indemnification and the payment of expenses incurred in defending a proceeding in advance of its final disposition conferred in this Article shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, by-law, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. SECTION 5. The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any such expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the Delaware General Corporation Law. SECTION 6. The Corporation shall have the express authority to enter such agreements as the Board of Directors deems appropriate for the indemnification of present or future directors or officers of the Corporation in connection with their service to, or status with, the Corporation or any other Corporation, entity or enterprise with whom such person is serving at the express written request of the Corporation.  EX-10.(C) 4  Exhibit 10(c) AMDAHL CORPORATION OFFICER LOAN PROGRAM (As Restated October 27, 1994) A. PURPOSE: Pursuant to the specific authority granted to the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors ("Committee") under the Company's 1994 Stock Incentive Plan, and pursuant to the general authority conferred upon the Board of Directors ("Board") and the Committee by the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Board implemented this Officer Loan Program ("Loan Program") in order to enable the Company to provide its officers with limited financial assistance in connection with (i) the acquisition of shares of Company common stock, par value of $.05 per share ("Shares") under the 1994 Stock Incentive Plan and/or (ii) the satisfaction of the federal, state and other tax withholding obligations incurred in connection with such acquisition. The plan to which this Loan Program shall pertain is the Amdahl Corporation 1994 Stock Incentive Plan ("Plan") as approved by the Company's stockholders. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL ANY FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE BE PROVIDED UNDER THIS LOAN PROGRAM IN CONNECTION WITH THE ACQUISITION OF SHARES UPON EXERCISE OF AN INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION (WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 422A OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE) GRANTED UNDER THE PLAN, UNLESS (A) THE INCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS ARE OUTSTANDING ON NOVEMBER 1, 1986 AND HELD BY OFFICERS SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 16(b) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 OR (B) THE INSTRUMENT EVIDENCING THE GRANT SPECIFICALLY PERMITS THE OPTIONEE TO APPLY FOR A LOAN OR GUARANTY FROM THE COMPANY. B. ADMINISTRATION: The Loan Program shall be administered by the Committee or the Board. The Committee or the Board, whichever is the program administrator, shall have full authority to adopt rules and regulations for the proper administration of the Loan Program and may from time to time establish general policies for the approval of loans (as well as the guarantees of third-party loans) under the Loan Program and delegate the administration of such policies to one or more officers of the Company. The program administrator (whether the Committee or the Board) shall also have the authority to delegate to any officer or officers of the Company one or more of its other administrative duties (including, without limitation, the authority to accept promissory notes and stock pledge agreements on behalf of the Company and to extend the term of one or more outstanding notes or guarantees). Decisions of the program administrator (or its delegate) with respect to any issue or matter which may arise under the Loan Program shall be final and binding on all interested parties. C. ELIGIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE: Officers or other specifically designated employees of the Company who, under the Company's Policy "Transactions in Amdahl Securities", are subject to restrictions on trading in Amdahl Securities during the periods specified in the Policy, and who acquire or vest in Shares under the Plan may in connection with such acquisition or vesting apply to the program administrator for (i) a loan from the Company or (ii) a guarantee by the Company of a third-party loan in accordance with the provisions of this Loan Program. The program administrator shall have complete discretion in determining whether to approve an application for a loan or guarantee in whole or in part and shall not recommend the extension of any loan or guarantee unless it is reasonably assured that the loan proceeds are to be applied solely to (i) the satisfaction of the applicant's obligations to the Company with respect to the acquisition cost of Shares acquired under the Plan and/or (ii) the satisfaction of federal, state and other tax withholding requirements which arise by reason of such acquisition or by reason of the Company's repurchase rights lapsing with respect to restricted Shares issued under the Plan. Loans shall not be made, nor guarantees extended, under this Loan Program for any other purpose. D. EXTENSION OF LOANS: The Company shall extend a loan to an eligible applicant (for purposes of this Section D, the "Borrower"); provided, however, that such loan shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: 1. The proceeds of the loan must be used solely for the purposes specified in Section C. 2. The principal balance of the loan shall not exceed the lesser of (i) the acquisition cost of the Shares, plus the total tax liability, including federal, state, and other employee taxes, due with respect to the acquired Shares, or (ii) 100 percent of the fair market value of such Shares on the date of acquisition. 3. The value of the Shares on the date in question shall be determined on the basis of the mean of the lowest and highest selling prices of one share of Amdahl common stock on such date on the principal exchange on which Amdahl common stock is at the time listed or admitted to trading, as officially quoted by the composite tape of transactions on such exchange. 4. The loan shall have a maximum term of ten years and shall accrue interest at the minimum annual rate required to avoid the imputation of interest income to the Company and compensation income to the Borrower under Section 483 or Section 7872 of the Internal Revenue Code. The interest rate of the loan will be adjusted annually on the anniversary of the loan to the then current applicable federal rate. Principal and accrued interest shall be payable in one lump sum at the end of such ten year period. 5. The loan shall be evidenced by the Borrower's promissory note made payable to the Company's order. The note shall be substantially in the form of attached Exhibit A. 6. Payment of the note is to be secured by a pledge of Shares with a fair market value (at the date the loan is made) equal to 150 percent of the principal balance of the note. The Borrower shall effect such pledge by delivering to the Company (i) the certificates for the pledged Shares, accompanied by a duly endorsed assignment of stock powers, and (ii) a properly executed stock pledge agreement in substantially the form attached as Exhibit B. 7. If the fair market value of the pledged Shares at the time the term of the loan it extended is less than 150 percent or the principal balance of the new note, the Borrower shall then pledge additional Shares of Amdahl common stock to the extent necessary to increase the aggregate value of the pledged Shares to the applicable 150 percent level. If insufficient Amdahl Stock is owned to reach the collateral requirements on extension, the program administrator shall accept as collateral the Shares of other publicly traded companies that have readily ascertainable market value and are readily marketable, CD's or other secure long term interest bearing instruments subject to the applicable provisions of Regulation G of the Federal Reserve System. 8. Each outstanding note under the Loan Program shall provide that upon the occurrence of one or more of the following events, the entire unpaid principal balance, together with accrued and unpaid interest, shall become immediately due and payable at the Company's election: (a) the Borrower's cessation of employment with the Company; (b) the insolvency of the Borrower, the commission of any act of bankruptcy by the Borrower, the execution by the Borrower of a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, the filing by or against the Borrower of any petition in bankruptcy or any petition for relief under the provisions of the federal bankruptcy act or any other state or federal law for the relief of debtors and the continuation of such petition without dismissal for a period of fifteen (15) days or more, or the appointment of a receiver or trustee to take possession of the property or assets of the Borrower; and (c) the reduction in the fair market value of the pledged Shares to less than 100 percent of the unpaid principal balance of the note; provided, however, that no such acceleration shall occur, if the Borrower shall, within five (5) business days following notification by the Company of such reduction, (i) pledge additional Shares of Company common stock and/or (ii) reduce the unpaid principal balance of the note, so that the fair market value of the pledged Shares shall, after such action, equal at least the applicable 100 percent of the then unpaid principal balance. For purposes of applying the acceleration provisions above, the following provisions shall be controlling: (i) the Borrower shall be deemed to be in the employ of the Company for so long as he is an employee of the company or any subsidiary corporation, partnership, joint venture or other business entity in which the Company owns directly or indirectly through one or more subsidiaries a fifty percent (50%) or greater capital or profit interest; and (ii) the fair market value of the pledged Shares at any particular time shall be determined in accordance with the valuation provisions of paragraph 3 of Section D. 9. No loan extended under this Loan Program may have a final due date which is more that 120 months after the date the loan was initially made without the prior written authorization of the program administrator, which shall have absolute discretion in the matter. E. GUARANTEE OF THIRD-PARTY LOANS: The program administrator may, in its sole discretion, determine that the Company shall be a guarantor of a third-party loan procured by an eligible applicant; provided, however, that such loan shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: 1. The loan must be procured from a commercial bank or other reputable financial institution. 2. The proceeds of the loan must be used solely for the purposes specified in Section C. 3. The principal balance of the loan must be within the limits imposed by paragraph 2 of Section D. If the loan (or guaranty) is secured by a pledge of the acquired Shares, the value of the pledged Shares must satisfy the applicable requirement of paragraph 5 of Section D. 4. The initial term of the loan shall not exceed one year; however, the program administrator may, in its discretion, extend the term of the guaranty for one or more successive one year periods, up to a maximum aggregate term of 120 months, in connection with any similar extension of the term of the loan by the lender. 5. All other terms and conditions of the loan (including the interest rate, the amortization schedule, and the default and acceleration provisions) shall be reasonable and customary in relation to loans which other lenders in the same geographical area are at the time extending to employees for the purpose of financing stock acquisitions under employee stock option or stock purchase plans. 6. The applicant shall have the obligation to furnish the program administrator with satisfactory evidence confirming that the terms and conditions of the loan which the applicant requests the Company to guarantee meet all of the criteria specified above. F. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION: The Board may at any time and from time to time suspend or terminate the operation of the Loan Program and the extension of Company loans and guarantees hereunder. Under no circumstances, however, shall any such termination or suspension adversely affect the rights and obligations of officers under any loans or guarantees at the time outstanding under the Loan Program.  EXHIBIT A NOTE SECURED BY STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT $ , Sunnyvale, California FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned Maker promises to pay to the order of Amdahl Corporation ("Amdahl"), at its principal offices at 1250 East Arques Avenue, Sunnyvale, California, the principal sum of ($ ), together with interest (from the date of this note until the date of payment) on the unpaid principal balance at an initial rate of percent, compounded annually, with such rate to be adjusted annually on the anniversary of this note to the minimum annual rate required to avoid the imputation of interest income to Amdahl and compensation income to the Maker under Section 483 or Section 7872 of the Internal Revenue Code. Principal and accrued interest shall be payable in one lump sum on , . Payment shall be made in lawful tender of the United States and shall be credited first to the accrued interest then due and payable and the remainder applied to principal. Prepayment of principal, together with accrued interest, may be made at any time without penalty. Payment of this note is secured by Shares of Amdahl common stock pledged as collateral (the "Collateral Shares") under the Maker's Stock Pledge Agreement with Amdahl, but the Maker shall remain personally liable for payment of this note and assets of the Maker, other than the Collateral Shares, may be applied to the satisfaction of the Maker's obligations hereunder. If action is instituted to collect this note, the Maker promises to pay all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred in connection with such action. The entire unpaid principal sum of this note, together with accrued and unpaid interest to date, shall at the election of the holder of this note become immediately due and payable upon one or more of the following events: 1. the Maker's cessation of employment with Amdahl; 2. the insolvency of the Maker, the commission of any act of bankruptcy by the Maker, the execution by the Maker of a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, the filing by or against the Maker of any petition in bankruptcy or any petition for relief under the provisions of the federal bankruptcy act or any other state or federal law for the relief of debtors and the continuation of such petition without dismissal for a period of fifteen (15) days or more, or the appointment of a receiver or trustee to take possession of the property or assets of the Maker. 3. the reduction in the fair market value of the Collateral Shares to an amount less than 100 percent of the unpaid principal balance of the note; provided, however, that no such acceleration shall occur under this paragraph 3 if the Maker shall, within five (5) business days following notification by Amdahl of such reduction in value, (i) pledge additional Shares of Amdahl common stock as collateral and/or (ii) reduce the principal balance of this note, so that the fair market value of the pledged Shares (the Collateral Shares and any additional Shares pledged with Amdahl) shall, after such action, equal at least 100 percent of the then unpaid principal balance of this note. For purposes of applying the acceleration provisions of Paragraph 1 above, the Maker shall be deemed to be in the employ of Amdahl for so long as the Maker is an employee of Amdahl or any subsidiary corporation, partnership, joint venture or other business entity in which the Company owns directly or indirectly through one or more subsidiaries, a fifty percent (50%) or greater capital or profit interest. For purposes of applying the acceleration provisions of Paragraph 3 above, the fair market value of a share of Amdahl common stock on any date in question shall be the mean of the lowest and highest selling prices of such share on such date on the principal exchange on which Amdahl common stock is at the time listed or admitted to trading, as such prices are officially quoted by the composite tape of transactions on such exchange. The Maker hereby waives notice of default, presentment or demand for payment, protest or notice of nonpayment of dishonor and all other notices or demands relative to this instrument. This note shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California. Maker EXHIBIT B STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT In consideration of the loan which Amdahl Corporation, a California corporation ("Amdahl") having its principal offices at 1250 East Arques Avenue, Sunnyvale, California, has on this day extended to the undersigned in connection with the undersigned's unrestricted acquisition of Shares of Amdahl common stock under the Amdahl Corporation 1994 Stock Incentive Plan ("Plan"), and as security for the payment of that certain promissory note ("Note") in the principal sum of $ payable to Amdahl or order which the undersigned has on this day executed to evidence such loan, the undersigned hereby grants Amdahl a security interest in, and assigns, transfers to and pledges with Amdahl, the following securities and other property: (i) shares of Amdahl Corporation common stock, par value of $.05 per share ("Shares"), which have on this day been delivered to and deposited with Amdahl; (ii) any and all new, additional or different securities subsequently distributed with respect to the Shares identified in clause (i) above which are to be delivered to and deposited with Amdahl pursuant to the requirements of paragraph 3 of this agreement; (iii) any and all other property and money which is delivered to or comes into the possession of Amdahl pursuant to the terms and provisions of this agreement; and (iv) the proceeds of any sale, exchange or disposition of the property and securities described in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above. All securities, property and money so assigned, transferred to and pledged with Amdahl shall be herein referred to as the "Collateral". Amdahl shall hold the Collateral in accordance with the following terms and provisions: 1. WARRANTIES. The undersigned hereby warrants that the undersigned is the owner of the Collateral and has the right to pledge the Collateral and that the Collateral is free from liens, adverse claims and other security interests. 2. RIGHTS AND POWERS. (a) Amdahl may, without obligation to do so, exercise at any time and from time to time one or more of the following rights and powers with respect to any or all of the Collateral: (i) accept in its discretion, but subject to the limitations of paragraph 8 of this agreement, other property of the undersigned in substitution for all or part of the Collateral and release Collateral to the undersigned to the extent necessary to effect such substitution, and in such event the money, property or securities received in substitution shall be held by Amdahl as security for the Note and all other indebtedness secured hereunder; (ii) perform such acts as are necessary to preserve and protect the Collateral and the rights, powers and remedies granted with respect to such Collateral by this agreement; and (iii) transfer record ownership of the Collateral to Amdahl or its nominee and receive, endorse and give receipt for, or collect by legal proceedings or otherwise, dividends or other distributions made or paid with respect to the Collateral, provided and only if there exists at the time an outstanding event of default under paragraph 9 of this agreement. (b) Expenses reasonably incurred in the exercise of such rights and powers shall be payable by the undersigned and form part of the indebtedness secured hereunder as provided in paragraph 11. (c) So long as there exists no event of default under paragraph 9 of this agreement, the undersigned may exercise all shareholder voting rights and be entitled to receive any cash distribution with respect to the Collateral. Accordingly, until such time as an event of default occurs under this agreement, all proxy statements and other shareholder materials which Amdahl receives with respect to the Collateral shall be delivered to the undersigned at the address indicated below. 3. DUTY TO DELIVER. (a) Any new, additional or different securities or other property which may now or hereafter become distributable with respect to the Collateral by reason of a stock dividend, stock split or reclassification of the capital stock of Amdahl or by reason of a merger, consolidation or other reorganization affecting the capital structure of Amdahl shall, upon receipt by the undersigned, be promptly delivered to and deposited with Amdahl as part of the Collateral hereunder. Any securities so delivered shall be accompanied by one or more properly endorsed stock power assignments. (b) The undersigned may, from time to time to the extent required to avoid the acceleration of payment under the Note, deliver additional Shares of Amdahl common stock to be held in pledge hereunder. The certificates evidencing such additional Shares shall be endorsed in blank by the undersigned or shall be accompanied by one or more properly endorsed stock power assignments. The pledged certificates shall be subject to all the terms and provisions of this agreement and shall be released from pledge solely in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 7 and 8 hereof. 4. CARE OF COLLATERAL. (a) Amdahl shall  exercise reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the Collateral, but shall have no obligation to initiate any action with respect to, or otherwise inform the undersigned of, any conversion, call, exchange right, preemption right, subscription right, purchase offer or other right or privilege relating to or affecting the Collateral. Amdahl shall have no duty to preserve the rights of the undersigned against adverse claims or to protect the Collateral against the possibility of a decline in market value. Amdahl shall not be obligated to take any action with respect to the Collateral requested by the undersigned unless the request is made in writing and Amdahl determines that the requested action will not unreasonably jeopardize the value of the Collateral as security for the Note and other indebtedness secured hereunder. (b) Amdahl may at any time deliver all or part of the Collateral to the undersigned, and the receipt thereof by the undersigned shall constitute a complete and full acquittance for the Collateral so delivered. Amdahl shall accordingly be discharged from any further liability or responsibility for the delivered Collateral. 5. PAYMENT OF TAXES AND OTHER CHARGES. The undersigned shall pay, prior to the delinquency date, all taxes, liens, assessments and other charges against the Collateral, and in the event of the undersigned's failure to do so, Amdahl may at its election pay any or all of such taxes and charges without contesting the validity or legality thereof. The payments so made shall become part of the indebtedness secured hereunder and shall bear interest until paid at the minimum per annum rate of interest, compounded annually, required to avoid the imputation of interest income to Amdahl and compensation income to the undersigned under Section 483 or Section 7872 of the Internal Revenue Code. 6. TRANSFER OF COLLATERAL. In connection with the transfer or assignment of the Note (whether by negotiation, discount or otherwise), Amdahl may transfer all or any part of the Collateral, and the transferee shall thereupon succeed to all the rights, powers and remedies granted Amdahl hereunder with respect to the Collateral so transferred. Upon such transfer, Amdahl shall be fully discharged from all liability and responsibility for the transferred Collateral. 7. RELEASE OF COLLATERAL. (a) The Shares of Amdahl common stock which have on this date been pledged and deposited hereunder shall be released from pledge and returned to the undersigned within thirty (30) days after payment in full of the Note and all other indebtedness secured hereunder. There shall also be released at the same time any additional Collateral which may hereafter be pledged and deposited with Amdahl pursuant to the requirements of paragraph 3 as well as any substitute Collateral pledged hereunder pursuant to the requirements of paragraph 2(a)(i). (b) Provided the undersigned is not at the time otherwise in default in any of his obligations hereunder, should the undersigned make a prepayment of principal under the Note, together with payment of all accrued interest to date, then one or more Shares of Amdahl common stock held as Collateral hereunder shall, subject to the limitations of paragraph 8, be released to the undersigned within thirty (30) days after such prepayment. The number of Shares to be so released shall be equal to the number obtained by multiplying (i) the total number of such Shares held under this Agreement at the time of the prepayment, by (ii) a fraction the numerator of which shall be the principal amount of the prepayment and the denominator of which shall be the unpaid principal balance of the Note immediately prior to such prepayment. In no event shall any fractional Shares be released. 8. SUBSTITUTION OR RELEASE COLLATERAL. The provisions of this paragraph 8 shall be applicable to all Shares of Amdahl common stock held hereunder as Collateral and to all other property which becomes Collateral hereunder. No Shares of Amdahl common stock or other Collateral held hereunder shall be substituted for any new Collateral pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 2 (a) (i) or shall be released under paragraph 7 (b), unless there is compliance with each of the following requirements: (a) The substitution or release must not result in such a reduction to the aggregate fair market value of the Collateral remaining after the substitution or release, that an event of acceleration will occur pursuant to the provisions of the Note. (b) The substitution or release must not increase the amount by which the indebtedness secured hereunder exceeds the maximum loan value of the Shares of Amdahl common stock and other Collateral immediately prior to such substitution or release. (c) The substitution or release must not cause the amount of indebtedness secured hereunder to exceed the maximum loan value of the Shares of Amdahl common stock and any other Collateral remaining after such substitution or release is effected. This requirement (c), however, will be applicable only if the maximum loan value of such Amdahl Shares and other Collateral prior to the substitution or release equals or exceeds the indebtedness at the time secured hereunder. (d) For purposes of clauses (b) and (c) above, the maximum loan value of the Collateral shall be determined on the date the substitution or release is effected. The following valuation principles shall be applicable to such determination: (i) for Shares of Amdahl common stock acquired under the plan, the maximum loan value shall be equal to their good faith loan value under Section 207.2(e)(1) of Regulation G of the Federal Reserve Board; (ii) for Shares of Amdahl common stock acquired under the Amdahl Restricted Stock Plan, the maximum loan value shall be equal to fifty percent (50%) of their fair market value at the time; (iii) for all other margin securities, the maximum loan value shall be equal to fifty percent (50%) of their fair market value at the time; and/or (iv) for all other Collateral, the maximum loan value shall be equal to its good faith loan value under Section 207.2(e)(1) of Regulation G. 9. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. (a) The occurrence of one or more of the following events shall constitute an event of default under this agreement: (i) failure of the undersigned to pay principal and interest when due under the Note; (ii) the occurrence of any event of acceleration specified in the Note; (iii) the failure of the undersigned to perform any obligation imposed upon the undersigned by reason of this agreement; or (iv) the breach of any warranty of the undersigned contained in this agreement. (b) Upon the occurrence of any such event of default, Amdahl may, at its election, declare the Note and all other indebtedness secured hereunder to become immediately due and payable (to the extent not already so due and payable) and may exercise any or all of the rights and remedies granted to a secured party under the provisions of the California Uniform Commercial Code (as now or hereafter in effect), including (without limitation) the power to dispose of the Collateral by public or private sale or to accept the Collateral in full payment of the Note and all other indebtedness secured hereunder. Any proceeds realized from the disposition of the Collateral pursuant to the power of sale hereby granted to Amdahl shall first be applied to the payment of expenses incurred by Amdahl in connection with the disposition, and the balance shall be applied to the payment of the Note and any other indebtedness secured hereunder in such order of application as Amdahl shall deem appropriate. Any surplus proceeds shall be paid over to the undersigned. In the event such proceeds prove insufficient to satisfy all indebtedness secured hereunder, then the undersigned shall be personally liable for the deficiency. 10. OTHER REMEDIES. The rights, powers and remedies granted to Amdahl pursuant to the provisions of this agreement shall be in addition to all rights powers and remedies granted to Amdahl under any statute or rule of law. Any forbearance, failure or delay by Amdahl in exercising any right, power or remedy under this agreement shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such right, power or remedy. Any single or partial exercise of any right, power or remedy under this agreement shall not preclude the further exercise thereof, and every right, power and remedy of Amdahl under this agreement shall continue in full force and effect until such right, power or remedy is specifically waived by an instrument executed by Amdahl. 11. COSTS AND EXPENSES. All costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred by Amdahl in the exercise or enforcement of any right, power of remedy granted it under this agreement shall become part of the indebtedness secured hereunder and shall be payable immediately by the undersigned, without demand, and until paid shall bear interest at the minimum per annum rate of interest, compounded annually, required to avoid the imputation of interest income to Amdahl and compensation income to the undersigned under Section 483 or section 7872 of the Internal Revenue code. 12. APPLICABLE LAW. This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California and shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs and assigns of the undersigned. 13. SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this agreement is held to be invalid under applicable law, then such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such invalidity, and neither the remainder of such provision nor any other provisions of this agreement shall be affected thereby. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this agreement has been executed by the undersigned on this day of , .  EX-10.(F) 5  Exhibit 10(f) AMDAHL CORPORATION CORPORATE OFFICER SEVERANCE GUIDELINES The Corporate Officer Severance Guidelines ("Severance Guidelines") apply to the Executive Officers and Corporate Vice Presidents of the Company (collectively, "Corporate Officers") in the event of a termination resulting from a change in control or an involuntary termination for reasons other than cause. A change in control would include: (i) a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving entity; (ii) a sale, transfer or other disposition of all Company assets; (iii) a reverse merger in which the Company becomes a subsidiary of another corporation; (iv) an acquisition of 25 percent of the vesting power of the Company's outstanding securities; (v) an acquisition of sufficient shares which increases the total holdings of a person or group to more than 50 percent of the outstanding securities; (vi) an acquisition of sufficient stock to elect an absolute majority of the Board of Directors; or (vii) a hostile take-over. During the applicable severance period, the Corporate Officer will receive the following severance benefits: (i) continuation of base salary; (ii) the average bonus payable to active officers of the same salary level on the basis of the Company's attainment of the performance goals established for the fiscal year or years coincident with the severance period; (iii) continued health care and life insurance coverage; (iv) vesting of outstanding stock options and restricted stock awards; (v) vesting and pay-out of installments from the Corporate Officer's short-term account under the Executive Incentive Performance Plan; and (vi) continued vesting in the Corporate Officer's long- term account under the Executive Incentive Performance Plan, with subsequent payout of the vested benefit upon the individual's eligibility for benefit distribution under the plan. Duration of Severance Period:  EX-10.(G) 6 Exhibit 10(g) AMDAHL CORPORATION CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER BONUS GUIDELINES Architecture 1. Bonus can rage from 0 to 150 percent of salary earned during the year. Target bonus is 100 percent of salary at standard performance. 2. There are two independent components to bonus: a profit element and an "other" element. 3. Seventy-five percent of bonus (or 0 to 112.5 percent of salary) can be earned depending upon performance against the profit element. 4. Twenty-five percent of bonus (or 0 to 37.5 percent of salary) can be earned depending upon performance against the other measures. 5. No bonus is earned under the profit component until 75 percent of the profit goal is achieved. 6. The Board may establish a minimum threshold of something other than 75 percent for a particular year if circumstances warrant such a modification. 7. An amount of money equal to 25 percent of the Chief Executive Officer's salary will be established as the amount that can be earned at standard performance against the "other" objectives. Each of the "other" objectives will be weighted equally and the bonus potential for each will range from 0 to 150 percent of 6.25 percent of salary. The amount earned will be determined by the Board's evaluation of the Chief Executive Officer's performance against each objective. 8. Over-achievement of goals results in bonus greater than 100 percent of salary. 9. Maximum bonus is 150 percent of salary.  EX-10.(H) 7 Exhibit 10(h) AMDAHL CORPORATION 1994 BONUS PROGRAM FOR OFFICERS, VICE PRESIDENTS, SENIORS AND KEYS Principles: 1. Maintain a tiered approach to bonus plans to reflect market practice 2. Raise the threshold at which bonuses begin to be paid 3. Strengthen the link between performance and compensation by trending salaries towards the 50th percentile and targeting base salary plus bonus to the 75th percentile of the market 4. Increase the bonus opportunity to make possible greater variability in pay 5. Make pre-tax profit or operating income the determinant of 75 percent of bonus opportunity 6. Make performance against other quantifiable goals the determinant of 25 percent of bonus opportunity 7. Persons managing or assigned to the various lines of business will earn 75 percent of bonus based on their units' operating income 8. Persons managing or assigned to the corporate functions will earn 75 percent of bonus based on corporate pre-tax income Conus Eligible Population Approximately nine percent of the company's employees would be bonus eligible. These employees have been assigned to various levels of incentive participation based on competitive positioning and internal organization. Illustration of Profit and Quantifiable Goals Elements for Each Incentive Plan Level Illustration of Operation of Profit Portion of Bonus Plans Operation of Quantifiable Goals Portion of Bonus Plan If 75 percent of the profit plan is achieved, the quantifiable goals element will be fully funded. If 50 percent to 74 percent of the profit plan is achieved, the quantifiable goals element will be partially funded. The actual amount of such funding will be based on management's assessment of all aspects of company/line of business performance for the year. If less than 50 percent of the profit plan is achieved, the quantifiable goals element will not be funded.  EX-13 8  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Results of Operations 1994 Compared to 1993 Revenues In 1994, total revenues decreased 2% and equipment sales decreased 7% from the prior year. Processor equipment sales revenue declined 4% from 1993 to 1994 due primarily to a 46% decrease in revenues from equipment sales of the Company's older 5995A mainframe product line. However, revenues from equipment sales of 5995M systems increased 5% from 1993 to 1994 due to an increase in shipment volumes of approximately 59%, although when compared to 1993 these shipment volumes consisted of smaller processor configurations. The revenue generated from the increase in 5995M shipment volumes more than offset 5995M pricing declines of approximately 20% in 1994. The rate of price declines in 1994 was less severe than the declines experienced in 1992 and 1993, which the Company believes indicates an improved balance between supply and demand in the mainframe marketplace. Storage product sales decreased 24% from 1993 primarily due to price declines and, to a lesser extent, decreased shipment volumes as the Company began to transition to new products. Open systems equipment sales of high performance servers acquired under OEM arrangements with Sun Microsystems, which the Company began shipping in volume at the beginning of 1994, increased revenues in 1994, in part offsetting the declines discussed above. Maintenance, lease and other revenues increased 7% from the prior year, reflecting increased maintenance revenues from a larger customer installed base and to a lesser extent increased sales of Huron software licenses. The impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on revenues was immaterial in 1994. Gross Margins Gross margin as a percentage of revenues increased from 27% in 1993 to 36% in 1994. Gross margin on equipment sales as a percentage of revenues increased from 22% in 1993 to 32% in 1994, which primarily reflected lower production costs resulting from reductions in excess manufacturing capacity and other Company-wide restructuring actions begun in 1993 as well as a reduction in vendor component costs. In addition, cost of equipment sales in 1993 included the provision of $17 million (compared to no provision in 1994) for implementation of engineering changes to support IBM features on certain 5995M processors shipped during 1993. The lower manufacturing costs more than offset the pricing declines discussed above. Also, gross margins on maintenance, lease and other revenues as a percentage of revenues increased from 36% in 1993 to 44% in 1994, reflecting the cost reduction actions taken in the field service organization in 1993. Operating Expenses Operating expenses in 1994 and 1993, excluding 1993 restructuring charges of $478,000,000, were 32% and 41% of revenues, respectively. Engineering and development expenses decreased 39% from 1993 to 1994 due to cancellations and reductions in the scope of certain product development projects as well as other cost reduction benefits realized from the restructuring of operations. Engineering and development expenses also decreased due to the November 1993 agreement with Fujitsu for the joint development of the next generation of IBM compatible systems. The decrease in marketing, general and administrative expenses of 8% from 1993 to 1994 also reflected cost reductions from the restructuring of operations. Interest Income/Expense and Income Taxes Net interest income increased $11 million or 188% in 1994 from the prior year, as decreased interest expense from lower average debt levels and increased interest income from higher average cash levels were partially offset by decreased interest income from lower levels of sales-type leases. The effective annual income tax rate decreased from 18% in 1993 to 7% in 1994, reflecting utilization of net operating loss carryforwards. Results of Operations 1993 Compared to 1992 In 1993, the Company began to restructure its worldwide operations in order to address the competitive conditions in the markets for large-scale computing systems, including prices which declined at much greater than normal historical rates and reduced levels of demand. The restructuring consisted of a series of planned actions, including a reduction in the number of employees by approximately one-third, consolidation of offices and facilities and disposition of assets that were no longer required due to changes in product plans, reduction in manufacturing capacity by approximately 50%, and elimination of selected product development programs, as well as other expense reductions. In connection with these actions, the Company recorded restructuring charges totaling $478,000,000 to operating expenses, $243,000,000 of which was recorded in the first quarter of 1993 and $235,000,000 of which was recorded in the third quarter of 1993. The restructuring costs included the following approximate amounts: $120 million related to reductions in the workforce, $200 million related to closing excess facilities and write-downs of equipment, $60 million related to write-downs of excess inventory resulting from reduced manufacturing capacity and changes in product plans, $10 million related to vendor charges due to cancellation of development programs and various other charges totaling $88 million. In total the restructuring charges reflected $298 million of noncash write-offs of recorded assets and $180 million of projected cash outflows. For further information see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. [a bar graph entitled Gross Margins (Percent) is inserted next to the above text, indicating that the gross margins for 1992, 1993 and 1994 were 30%, 27% and 36%, respectively] Revenues Total revenues decreased 33% from 1992 to 1993, and equipment sales decreased 44%. Prices for the Company's 5995M mainframe computers, as well as the Company's other products, declined at greater than normal historical rates because of significant competitive pressures. In 1993 prices for the 5995M and 5995A processors declined approximately 34% and 38%, respectively, compared to systems of like configuration and model sold in 1992. The Company also experienced reduced levels of demand during 1993 for certain of its products, particularly the 5995M mainframe systems. Processor shipment volumes of the 5995M and the older 5995A series decreased approximately 23% and 32%, respectively. As a result, processor equipment sales decreased 50%. The reduced volume of business reflected ongoing economic weakness in the Company's principal markets, particularly its international markets. Demand for large-scale mainframe processors also continued to be negatively impacted by a shift by some customers from centralized mainframe computing to smaller systems and by an excess supply of computing capacity in the marketplace. A decrease of 13% in storage equipment sales also contributed to the Company's revenue decrease in 1993. Maintenance, lease and other revenues increased 9% from the prior year, reflecting increased maintenance revenues from a larger customer installed base and increased consulting and services revenues. Revenues were also adversely impacted by approximately $58 million by a strengthened U.S. dollar, as international revenues denominated in foreign currencies translated to fewer dollars in 1993, when compared to 1992. [a bar graph entitled Operating Expenses  (Dollars in Millions) is inserted next to the above text, indicating that the operating expenses for 1992, 1993 and 1994 were $779 million, $689 million and $531 million, respectively.   Excluding 1993 restructuring charges] Gross Margins Gross margin as a percentage of revenues declined from 30% in 1992 to 27% in 1993. The decreases in processor pricing discussed above more than offset improved gross margins on storage equipment sales and maintenance services revenues, lower production costs resulting from manufacturing efficiencies from maturing product lines, and a decrease in cost of equipment sales of approximately $44 million related to the provision for implementation of engineering changes to support IBM features on certain 5995M processors shipped during 1993, when compared to 1992. Operating Expenses Engineering and development expenses amounted to $334,514,000 in 1993, a decrease of 10% from 1992. Marketing, general and administrative expenses decreased 13% to $354,939,000 in 1993. These decreases reflect the benefits from the Company's reduction in force in November 1992 and the restructuring actions taken in 1993, as well as other cost control programs. Operating expenses also included a separate category for the 1993 restructuring charges discussed previously. In the first quarter of 1993, the Company implemented Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 112, Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits. This statement requires that the cost of these benefits be accrued in the financial statements. The effect of this implementation did not have a material impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations. Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, which established accounting standards for employers' accounting for postretirement benefits other than pensions, was required to be adopted in 1993. The Company does not offer post-retirement benefits and therefore this statement did not have a material impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations. Interest Income/Expense and Income Taxes Net interest income decreased 28% in 1993 from the prior year due to lower average investment levels and decreased yields. The effective annual income tax rate decreased from 50% in 1992 to 18% in 1993. No tax benefit was recorded for losses other than recoverable taxes or future taxable income from the reversal of deferred items. The Company believed uncertainty existed as to the realizability of certain tax assets, and, therefore, a valuation allowance was recorded in 1993, resulting in the decreased tax benefit. In the first quarter of 1993, the Company implemented Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes. The cumulative effect of this accounting change decreased the loss in 1993 by $8,746,000, or $0.08 per share. Income taxes for the prior period were not restated for this change. Factors That May Affect Future Operating Results Although the Company's financial performance improved in 1994, continuing profitability will depend on sustained favorable economic conditions in the Company's primary markets and continued stabilization of pricing for large mainframe systems. Stabilization of pricing is dependent on continued balance between the supply of mainframe systems and customer demand. The Company's continued profitability will also depend on the ability of the traditional mainframe market to grow in the face of competition from smaller, less costly computer systems. The  refore, the Company intends to rely increasingly on the utilization of lower cost technologies in future compatible processor products and on the ability of its other lines of business to contribute a higher percentage of revenues and profits to overall operations. Successful implementation of this strategy is, however, subject to the inherent risks associated with the introduction of new technologies and with the entry into new markets less related to the Company's traditional compatible processor business. IBM has recently introduced the use of lower cost technologies in certain of its lower end mainframe systems and has announced its intention to utilize similar technologies in future versions of its large-scale processors. Amdahl has announced similar intentions to utilize lower cost technologies in future versions of its processors. However, Amdahl will need to respond in a timely manner to IBM's introductions to remain competitive on a price/performance basis, and any material delays could have an adverse impact on processor sales. Also, the market for the Company's storage products has become increasingly competitive in recent years, and competition is expected to further intensify during 1995, making market conditions more difficult for the Company's current products. The Company has new product offerings under development. However, any delays in current development schedules will have a further adverse impact on the Company's revenues for this line of business. In July 1994, IBM gave the European Commission one year's advance notice of IBM's intention to terminate the Undertaking which it entered into with the Commission in 1984. The Undertaking called upon IBM to disclose interface specifications related to its System /370/390 mainframes to qualified competitors, including Amdahl. Since 1986 the Company has utilized specifications made available pursuant to the Undertaking in maintaining compatibility with new features and functions which IBM has announced from time to time. At the present time, the Company has no reason to believe that, upon termination of the Undertaking, IBM will depart from its past practice of disclosing interface specifications. However, a failure by IBM to continue to disclose required information on a timely basis would require Amdahl to rely extensively on technically difficult reverse engineering procedures. In such a case, should IBM continue to introduce significant architectural changes to its System/390 mainframes, the ability of the Company's products to remain compatible in the future on a timely basis could be adversely impacted. The Company is unable to predict the extent to which this would negatively affect future operating results. The Company does not expect operating expenses in 1995 to significantly change from 1994 levels. [a bar graph entitled Inventories (Dollars in Millions) is inserted next to the above text, indicating that inventories for 1992, 1993 and 1994 were $788 million, $511 million and $283 million, respectively.] Financial Condition December 30, 1994 Compared to December 31, 1993 The Company's net cash position (cash and short- term investments minus total debt, excluding capitalized lease obligations) improved by $494 million from December 31, 1993 to December 30, 1994. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments increased $446 million, reflecting cash provided by operating activities and long-term borrowings, which was offset to some extent by cash used for repayments of bank borrowings. The Company's continued efforts to reduce inventory levels resulted in a decline of $228 million. Net property and equipment decreased $164 million due to the downsizing of the Company as well as ongoing depreciation charges, which exceeded capital spending. The cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment balances as of December 30, 1994 included approximately $236 million currently invested outside the United States. Repatriation of these investments and cash would give rise to federal taxable income for the year of transfer, taxes for which have been provided. (See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements regarding foreign subsidiaries' earnings on which taxes have not been provided.) The Company's valuation allowance against worldwide operating losses, deferred tax assets, and tax credit carryforwards which may expire before the Company can utilize them decreased from $152 million at December 31, 1993 to $112 million at December 30, 1994. The Company believes sufficient uncertainty exists regarding the realizability of these items and accordingly has continued to provide a valuation allowance for them. At December 31, 1993 $130,000,000 classified as short-term debt was outstanding under the Company's revolving credit agreement with a group of banks. This amount was repaid by the Company upon expiration of the facility on January 31, 1994. In January 1994, the Company and Fujitsu entered into a loan agreement (see Notes 2 and 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). At December 30, 1994, $80,000,000 was outstanding under this agreement and was classified as long-term debt. Accounts payable to Fujitsu increased $53 million due to increased purchases of manufacturing materials. Accrued liabilities decreased $50 million due primarily to charges against accrued restructuring costs, which decreased from $146 million at December 31, 1993 to $88 million at December 30, 1994 (see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). [a bar graph entitled Net Cash (Debt) (Dollars in Millions) is inserted next to the above text, indicating that Net Cash (Debt) for 1992, 1993 and 1994 was ($116 million), $117 million and $611 million, respectively.   Cash and short-term investments, minus total debt(excluding capitalized lease obligations] Liquidity The nature of the computer industry, combined with the current economic environment, make it very difficult for the Company to predict future liquidity requirements with certainty. However, the Company believes that existing cash and borrowings under its loan agreement with Fujitsu will be adequate to finance continuing operations, investments in property and equipment, inventories and spare parts, and expenditures for the development of new products at least through the end of 1995 and into 1996. The Company has no significant commitments with vendors other than Fujitsu (see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. Prior years have not been restated to conform to current-year presentation. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING PRACTICES Amdahl Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company or Amdahl) provide large- scale, high performance, general-purpose computer systems, storage, software and communications products, and client-server hardware systems for the open systems marketplace. The Company also provides consulting and professional services. Principles of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Fiscal Year The Company's fiscal year ends on the last Friday in December. As a result, 1993 was a 53-week year, whereas 1994 and 1992 were each 52-week years. Translation of Foreign Currencies The financial position and results of operations of the Company's non-U.S. sales subsidiaries are measured using local currency as the functional currency. Accordingly, all assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at current exchange rates as of the respective balance sheet date. Revenue and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates prevailing during the period. Cumulative translation gains and losses are reported as a separate component of stockholders' equity. A gain of $81,000 in 1994 and losses of $2,948,000 and $5,826,000 in 1993 and 1992, respectively, resulted from foreign exchange transactions and were included in marketing, general, and administrative expenses. Revenues Revenues from equipment sales and sales-type leases are generally recognized when the equipment has been shipped, installed and financing arrangements have been completed. Revenues from operating leases are recognized over the term of the respective contracts. Service for Amdahl products is provided under service and parts warranty or separate maintenance agreements. The large-scale computer systems normally carry a one-year service and parts warranty, and the storage and other products usually have shorter warranty periods. Where material, a portion of equipment sales revenue is deferred and recognized over the warranty period as service is provided. Following the warranty period, Amdahl provides maintenance service under separate contracts which typically can be terminated by the customer on 90 days notice. Revenues from maintenance contracts are recognized over the term of the respective contracts as service is provided. The Company accounts for software revenues in accordance with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants' Statement of Position 91-1, "Software Revenue Recognition." Revenues earned under software license agreements with end users are generally recognized when the software has been shipped and there are no significant obligations remaining. Future Engineering Changes Amdahl's computer systems are architecturally compatible at specific software and hardware interface levels with the basic functions of competing IBM computer systems. The introduction from time to time by IBM of certain product enhancements requires that Amdahl make product changes to remain fully compatible. In addition, the Company periodically makes engineering changes to enhance the functionality of its products. The Company provides a reserve for estimated future engineering changes in connection with each sale. The reserve is intended to cover direct material, direct labor and manufacturing overhead associated with implementation of engineering changes. Amounts provided and charged to cost of equipment sales were $16,672,000 and $60,278,000 in 1993 and 1992, respectively. No amount was provided and charged to cost of sales in 1994 because shipments made in 1994 were not expected to require future engineering changes. Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market. Systems in process and finished goods include material, labor and manufacturing overhead. Year-end inventories consisted of the following: Property and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives (or, for leasehold improvements and assets recorded under capital lease obligations, over the remaining lease terms or estimated useful lives, whichever is shorter) as follows: Software Development Costs Certain software development costs have been capitalized and amortized over the life of the product. At December 30, 1994 and December 31, 1993 software development costs that had been capitalized were immaterial. Earnings (Loss) per Common Share Earnings (loss) per common share have been computed based on the weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding. Common equivalent shares result from the assumed exercise of stock options which would have a dilutive effect in years where there are earnings. Primary and fully diluted earnings per common share amounts are substantially the same. NOTE 2 RELATIONSHIP WITH FUJITSU LIMITED The Company has entered into agreements with Fujitsu Limited (Fujitsu), a principal stockholder, which provide for, among other things: A. Purchases of computer equipment, subassemblies and spare parts from Fujitsu. The cost of computer equipment, subassemblies and spare parts purchased from Fujitsu and the amount included in cost of revenues for equipment sales were as follows:  $ 218,925 $ 374,224 1993 $ 434,732 $ 444,595 1992 $ 1,048,819 $ 775,757 Amdahl was committed to purchase manufacturing material and other equipment from Fujitsu totaling approximately $126,000,000 at December 30, 1994. Prices for these manufacturing materials and other equipment are subject to adjustment if the U.S. dollar-Japanese yen exchange rate fluctuates outside of specified ranges. The Company has entered into hedging arrangements designed to protect against currency exchange risks associated with anticipated product purchases from Fujitsu in 1995. Also, Amdahl has agreed to purchase from Fujitsu 50% of certain subsystem components and 100% of certain devices, boards and modules contained in its current processor products. In addition, the Company has periodically made advance payments to Fujitsu for future inventory purchases in return for lower prices on certain components related to these products. The advance payments balance was zero at December 30, 1994. Advance payments of $4,886,000 were included in prepaid expenses at December 31, 1993. B. Joint development efforts under which Fujitsu supplies Amdahl with services and material related to the Company's development of current and future products, which resulted in charges to engineering and development expense of $6,443,000 in 1994, $8,633,000 in 1993 and $4,313,000 in 1992. In November 1993 Amdahl and Fujitsu entered into an agreement pursuant to which Amdahl and Fujitsu agreed to participate in the joint development of the Company's next generation of IBM compatible systems. Under the agreement, Fujitsu will undertake primary responsibility for the design and manufacture of these systems. In 1991 the Company entered into a cross-license agreement related to certain technologies in the Company's processor products, in which the Company agreed to pay Fujitsu up to $15,000,000 in royalties, to be remitted to Fujitsu as shipments occurred in 1992 and 1993. Amounts charged to cost of revenues related to this agreement amounted to $3,600,000 in 1993 and $11,400,000 in 1992. C. Distributorship arrangements whereby Fujitsu markets Amdahl's computer equipment in Brazil, Japan, Malaysia and Spain. Sales in 1994, 1993 and 1992 by the Company of computer systems and complementary storage products to Fujitsu contributed $38,682,000, $28,162,000 and $60,268,000 to equipment sales and $14,405,000, $11,687,000 and $24,733,000 to gross margin, respectively. At December 30, 1994 and December 31, 1993 receivables included $21,097,000 and $35,931,000, respectively, from Fujitsu. D. A loan agreement, entered into in January 1994, under which Fujitsu is to provide loans to the Company in an aggregate amount not to exceed $100,000,000. Such loans bear interest at a rate based upon the London Interbank Offered Rate. Any outstanding loan balance is payable to Fujitsu on January 28, 1997. As of December 30, 1994, $80,000,000 in principal was outstanding under this agreement (see Note 6). Interest expense associated with the loan in 1994 was $4,238,000, of which $987,000 was payable at December 30, 1994 and was included in accrued liabilities. NOTE 3 EQUIPMENT LEASING AND THIRD PARTY TRANSACTIONS The Company is the lessor of equipment under operating leases for periods generally less than three years. Certain operating leases contain provisions for early termination with a penalty or with conversion to another system. The cost of leased systems is depreciated to a zero value on a straight-line basis over two to four years. Accumulated depreciation on leased systems was $14,119,000 at December 30, 1994 and $13,320,000 at December 31, 1993. The Company also leases equipment to customers under sales-type leases as defined in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 13. The components of the net investment in sales- type leases were as follows:  Minimum rentals receivable under existing leases as of December 30, 1994 were as follows: In addition, during the periods presented, the Company sold certain equipment subject to operating leases and financed certain sales-type equipment leases and installment contracts with financing institutions (Third Parties). The Company sometimes agrees to perform certain services and obligations with respect to the equipment and related leases, such as general lease administration, invoicing and collection of rentals, payment of insurance and personal property taxes, maintenance services and non-priority remarketing of equipment that comes off lease. For these services and obligations, the Company generally receives its normal maintenance charges and a remarketing and administration fee. Many of the agreements with Third Parties provide the Company with residual rights in revenues, if any, derived from the equipment after the Third Parties have received a designated return. Equipment sales revenues arising from these transactions with Third Parties were approximately $71,000,000, $91,000,000 and $157,000,000 in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. NOTE 4 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS The Company invests in a variety of financial instruments but does not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. Off-Balance Sheet Financial Instruments The Company hedges certain portions of its exposure to foreign currency fluctuations through a variety of strategies and financial instruments, including the use of forward foreign exchange contracts and currency swap agreements. These contracts and swaps generally have maturities that do not exceed three months and two years, respectively. At December 30, 1994 and December 31, 1993 the Company had approximately $94,000,000 and $132,000,000, respectively, in notional principal of forward foreign exchange contracts outstanding. The Company had $20,000,000 of currency swap agreements outstanding at December 30, 1994 and December 31, 1993. The gains and losses associated with currency rate changes on forward foreign exchange contracts and currency swap agreements are recorded currently in income as they offset corresponding gains and losses on the foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities being hedged. Therefore, the carrying value of forward foreign exchange contracts and currency swap agreements approximates their fair value, which was immaterial at December 30, 1994 and December 31, 1993. The Company enters into foreign currency options to protect against currency exchange risks associated with its probable anticipated, but not firmly committed, non-U.S. intercompany sales and with both inventory purchase commitments and probable anticipated inventory purchases from Fujitsu. Realized and unrealized gains and losses on such contracts and the associated cash flows that qualify as hedges are reported as components of the related transactions. These option contracts generally have maturities that do not exceed one year. At December 30, 1994 and December 31, 1993 the Company had approximately $40,000,000 and $25,000,000 in notional principal of purchased option contracts outstanding, respectively. The net income effect deferred on foreign currency option contracts represents the amount by which the carrying value of the option contracts exceeded their fair value and was immaterial as of December 30, 1994 and December 31, 1993. The Company enters into interest rate swap agreements to extend the effective duration of a portion of the Company's investments in held-to-maturity debt securities and accrues the differential to be paid or received under the agreements as interest rates change over the life of the contracts. These agreements generally have maturities that do not exceed three years. Notional principal outstanding under these agreements at December 30, 1994 and December 31, 1993 was approximately $30,000,000 and $50,000,000, respectively. The fair value of interest rate swaps is the estimated amount that the Company would receive or pay to terminate the swap agreements at the reporting date, taking into account current interest rates. The fair value of interest rate swaps at December 30, 1994 and December 31, 1993 was immaterial. Balance Sheet Financial Instruments Substantially all cash equivalents consist of investments in major bank time deposits, certificates of deposit, and commercial paper with initial maturities of three months or less. Substantially all short-term investments consist of major bank time deposits, certificates of deposit, and commercial paper which the Company intends to hold between three and twelve months. In January 1994 the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities" (FAS 115). In compliance with the standard, the Company's investments in debt or equity securities which are available for sale are stated at fair value and investments which are held to maturity are stated at amortized cost. Adoption of FAS 115 did not have a material impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations. At December 30, 1994 the Company's available-for-sale securities had contractual maturities of three to fifteen years and the average maturity was four years. The fair value of available-for-sale securities was determined based on quoted market prices at the reporting date for those instruments. Held-to-maturity securities had contractual maturities of less than one year beyond December 30, 1994. The fair value of held-to-maturity securities was estimated using weighted average values of quoted spreads at the reporting date for those or similar instruments. At December 30, 1994 the amortized cost basis, aggregate fair value and gross unrealized holding losses by major security type were as follows: In 1994 proceeds from sales of available-for- sale securities were $40,677,000. Gross realized losses on those sales were $2,171,000 and were included in marketing, general and administrative expenses. The Company used specific identification as the cost basis in computing realized losses. At December 30, 1994 and December 31, 1993 the carrying value of notes payable, short-term debt and long-term debt approximated fair value because of the variable interest rate nature of these instruments. Concentrations of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of temporary cash investments and trade receivables. The Company has cash investment policies that limit the amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution and restrict placement of these investments to financial institutions evaluated as highly creditworthy. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade receivables are limited due to the large number of customers comprising the Company's customer base and their dispersion across many different industries and geographies. NOTE 5 ACCRUED LIABILITIES Accrued liabilities consisted of the following: 1994 1993 ------------------------------------------------------------ (In thousands) Payroll and vacation $ 110,958 $ 102,363 Restructuring costs (Note 7) 88,228 145,601 Income taxes 38,588 48,707 Deferred income 120,857 108,365 Future engineering changes 38,643 57,133 Other 114,432 99,112 ------------------------------------------------------------ $ 511,706 $ 561,281 ============================================================ NOTE 6 LONG-TERM DEBT AND LIABILITIES AND BANK CREDIT AGREEMENTS Long-term debt and liabilities consisted of the following: 1994 1993 ------------------------------------------------------------------------- (In thousands) Long-term debt--stockholder (Fujitsu) (Note 2) $ 80,000 $ -- Bank credit agreement -- 130,000 Capitalized lease obligations (Note 12) 20,414 21,654 Long-term liabilities 30,271 31,804 ------------------------------------------------------------------------- 130,685 183,458 Less current maturities 1,011 131,250 ------------------------------------------------------------------------- Long-term debt and liabilities $ 129,674 $ 52,208 ========================================================================= At December 31, 1993 $130,000,000 classified as short-term debt was outstanding under the Company's revolving credit agreement with a group of banks. This amount was repaid by the Company upon expiration of the facility on January 31, 1994. The Company has credit agreements with a number of banks providing for short-term borrowings in U.S. dollars and various foreign currencies at varying interest rates. At December 30, 1994 and December 31, 1993, $7,805,000 and $5,806,000, respectively, was outstanding under these agreements. Interest paid on all borrowings was $9,098,000, $19,821,000 and $19,366,000 in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. Long-term liabilities included deferred equipment maintenance revenues and long-term amounts accrued under the Executive Incentive Performance Plan. NOTE 7 RESTRUCTURING OF OPERATIONS In 1993 the Company began to restructure its worldwide operations in order to address the competitive conditions in the markets for large-scale computing systems, including pricing which declined at much greater than normal historical rates and reduced levels of demand. The restructuring consisted of a series of planned actions, including a reduction in the number of employees by approximately one-third, consolidation of offices and facilities and disposition of assets that were no longer required due to changes in product plans, reduction in manufacturing capacity by approximately 50%, and elimination of selected product development programs, as well as other expense reductions. In connection with these actions the Company recorded restructuring charges totaling $478,000,000 to operating expenses, $243,000,000 of which was recorded in the first quarter of 1993 and $235,000,000 of which was recorded in the third quarter of 1993. The majority of these actions were initiated by the end of 1994 and are expected to be completed by 1996. The 1993 restructuring charges reflected $298 million of noncash write-downs of recorded assets and $180 million of projected cash outflows and were comprised of several major components related to the planned actions. The provision for reduction of the workforce of approximately $120 million included severance and medical and other termination benefits for approximately 2,400 employees in manufacturing, development, service, sales, marketing and administrative functions. At December 30, 1994, approximately two-thirds of the terminations had taken place. Approximately $200 million was provided for lease payments on idle facilities, write-downs of leasehold improvements, production, data processing and other equipment, and other expenses associated with the consolidation of offices and facilities throughout all principal geographic areas. Approximately $60 million was provided for write-downs of excess inventory resulting from reduced manufacturing capacity and changes in product plans, and $10 million was provided for vendor charges due to the cancellation of development programs. The provision for various other charges totaled $88 million and consisted of write-downs of leased systems and system spares as a result of changes in product plans and other costs associated with the restructuring actions. Of the initial restructuring charges, at December 30, 1994 $88,228,000 remained in accrued liabilities and $27,942,000 remained as a reduction of inventories. The $88 million balance in accrued restructuring costs was comprised of approximately $31 million for the remaining reduction of the workforce, $37 million for closing excess facilities and $20 million for various other charges. Approximately $54 million of this accrual represents estimated future cash outflows related to the remaining reduction of the workforce and facilities exit costs. At December 31, 1993, $145,601,000 remained in accrued liabilities, $32,072,000 remained as a reduction of inventories, and $3,070,000 remained as a reduction of net property and equipment. A summary of the restructuring activity is presented below. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ (In thousands) 1993 provision $ 478,000 1993 activity: Non-cash write-downs of property, equipment and inventories (224,936) Reduction in workforce and other cash outflows (72,321) ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Balance at December 31, 1993 180,743 1994 activity: Non-cash write-downs of property, equipment and inventories (11,113) Reduction in workforce and other cash outflows (53,460) ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Balance at December 30, 1994 $ 116,170 ======================================================================== NOTE 8 MAJOR CUSTOMER, GEOGRAPHIC AREA, AND PRODUCT LINE DATA No single customer accounted for 10% or more of total revenues in 1994, 1993 or 1992. The Company's operations by geographical area for the three years ended December 30, 1994 were as follows: The Company's operations are structured to achieve consolidated objectives. As a result, significant interdependencies and overlaps exist among the Company's operating units. Accordingly, the revenue, operating income (loss) and identifiable assets shown for each geographic area may not be indicative of the amounts that would have been reported if the operating units were independent of one another. Intercompany sales and transfers of manufacturing materials between areas are at prices which, in general, provide a profit after coverage of all manufacturing costs. Intercompany sales of finished systems are at prices intended to provide a profit for purchasing entities after coverage of marketing, support and general and administrative costs. Operating income (loss) is revenue less related costs and direct and allocated operating expenses, excluding interest and, for all areas except the United States, the unallocated portion of corporate expenses. United States operating income (loss) is net of corporate research and development and administrative expenses. Corporate assets are those assets maintained for general purposes, principally cash equivalents and short-term investments. The Company operates in the large-scale computer system and related storage and communications products segment of the data processing industry. Revenues for similar classes of products or services within this one business segment for the most recent three years are presented below: NOTE 9 CAPITAL STOCK There are 200,000,000 authorized shares of common stock, par value of $.05 per share, of which 116,636,000 shares were issued and outstanding as of December 30, 1994. As of December 30, 1994 the Company had reserved shares of its common stock for the f  ollowing purposes:  There are 5,000,000 authorized shares of Preferred Stock, par value of $1 per share. This stock, if issued, will carry liquidation preferences and other rights, as determined by the Board of Directors. As of December 30, 1994, no Preferred Stock had been issued. NOTE 10 EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION AND BENEFIT PLANS In January 1994 the Board of Directors adopted the 1994 Stock Incentive Plan (the 1994 Plan), which was approved by Amdahl's stockholders at the 1994 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. In conjunction with the 1994 Plan becoming effective, 24,000 shares from the 1971 Stock Option Plan, 12,413,148 shares from the 1974 Stock Option Plan and the 1982 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, and 251,782 shares from the Restricted Stock Plan were canceled and all outstanding options and rights under these plans were incorporated into the 1994 Plan. Under the 1994 Plan, 14,088,930 shares were initially reserved for issuance, which included an increase of 1,400,000 shares over the shares already reserved for issuance under the plans that were canceled. In accordance with the provisions of the 1994 Plan, on January 1, 1995 the shares reserved for issuance under the 1994 Plan were increased by 592,731 shares. Under the Company's stock option plans, options generally become exercisable in cumulative annual installments beginning one year after the date of grant, are fully exercisable after four or five years and expire after five or ten years. Options are granted to non-employee directors under the Automatic Option Grant Program. On December 30, 1994, options for 3,262,413 shares were exercisable at prices ranging from $4.72 to $18.88. Activity in the Company's option plans excluding restricted stock is summarized as follows: As of December 30, 1994, the Company had 275,640 shares of restricted common stock outstanding with certain officers and key employees under the 1994 Stock Incentive Plan. These shares carry certain restrictions on transferability, which will lapse over periods as determined by the Board of Directors at the time of award. The difference between the fair market value at the date of grant and the purchase price of the shares (generally, $.05 per share) is recorded as compensation expense ratably over the period from the date of grant to the date the restrictions lapse. Under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, the Company's employees, subject to certain restrictions, may purchase shares of common stock at a price per share that is the lesser of 85% of the fair market value as of the first day or the last day of each three month purchase period. The Company has a Capital Accumulation Plan available to all its domestic and Canadian employees to which it contributes based on its profits. The Company also has a Savings Plan for domestic employees whereby it matches 25% of employee contributions up to specified limits. In addition, under the Executive Incentive Performance Plan, amounts up to 2% of income before taxes are accrued for selected key employees instead of their participation in the Capital Accumulation Plan. Approximately half of the award vests over the following four years and the remainder vests over a service period of up to twenty years. The total cost of these plans charged to operations was $9,025,000 in 1994 and $3,705,000 in 1993. In 1992 the cost of these plans was immaterial. NOTE 11 INCOME TAXES Income (loss) before taxes and the provision for (benefit from) income taxes, as calculated for 1994 and 1993 under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" (FAS 109), and as calculated for 1992 under Accounting Principles Bulletin No. 11, were comprised of the following: The effective income tax provision (benefit) differed from the statutory federal provision due to the following: Net income tax refunds of $12,340,000 and $16,000,000 were received by the Company in 1994 and 1993, respectively, and net income taxes of $12,077,000 were paid by the Company in 1992. The components of the net deferred tax liability at December 30, 1994 and December 31, 1993 were as follows: No tax benefit was recorded for losses other than recoverable taxes or future taxable income from the reversal of deferred items. The valuation allowance at December 30, 1994 and December 31, 1993 provided reserves against worldwide operating losses, deferred tax assets, and tax credit carryforwards which may expire before the Company can utilize them. The Company believes sufficient uncertainty exists regarding the realizability of these items and accordingly has continued to provide a valuation allowance for them. In the first quarter of 1993 the Company adopted FAS 109. The adoption of this standard changed the Company's method of accounting for income taxes from the deferred method to an asset and liability method. FAS 109 was adopted on a prospective basis and amounts presented for prior years were not restated. The cumulative effect of this change in accounting increased net income in 1993 by $8,746,000, or $0.08 per share. For years prior to 1993, deferred taxes as accounted for under Accounting Principles Bulletin No. 11 resulted from differences in the timing of revenue and expense recognition for tax return and financial statement purposes. The tax effects of these timing differences for 1992 were as follows: Cumulative undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries for which no United States income or foreign withholding taxes have been recorded, because such earnings are expected to be reinvested indefinitely, amounted to $105,200,000 at December 30, 1994. The Company provides in full for United States income taxes on the earnings of foreign subsidiaries not considered indefinitely invested outside the United States. At December 30, 1994 the Company had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $18,700,000 which will expire at various dates from 1998 through 2001 and $40,800,000 which can be carried forward indefinitely. In 1994 the Company agreed to certain adjustments proposed by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) related to the Company's 1983 through 1986 tax years, which resulted in net operating loss and credit carryforwards previously utilized in 1987 to be reordered to the 1983 through 1986 tax years. In the third quarter of 1994 the Company paid $32,000,000, including interest, to cover the deficiency created by the audit adjustments. In the fourth quarter of 1994 the IRS issued a notice of deficiency to the Company for disputed items related to the 1983 through 1986 tax years, the most significant of which related to the treatment of system spares. The proposed tax deficiency totals approximately $40,200,000 and would carry interest through December 30, 1994 of approximately $68,000,000. If paid, the tax and interest would give rise to a deferred tax asset of approximately $46,000,000, subject to the recognition criteria of FAS 109. State income taxes payable as a result of the proposed tax deficiency would be approximately $15,000,000, net of federal income tax benefit. Management believes the Company possesses strong factual support for its treatment of system spares and will vigorously defend its position. Subsequent to December 30, 1994 the Company filed a petition in the United States Tax Court contesting the proposed deficiency. In the opinion of management, the final resolution of the proposed deficiency will not have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations. The IRS field audit of the Company's 1987 through 1990 tax years is in progress. NOTE 12 LEASE COMMITMENTS The Company leases a substantial portion of its principal facilities under capital lease agreements extending through the year 2008. Capitalized facilities leases totaling $31,347,000 and $25,652,000 with accumulated amortization of $22,098,000 and $15,487,000 were included in the land and buildings classification on the balance sheets at December 30, 1994 and December 31, 1993, respectively. The lease agreements provide for renewal options extending the lease terms beyond the initial terms in five-year increments. The Company also leases certain equipment and sales and service facilities under operating leases. The minimum lease commitments as of December 30, 1994 were as follows: Minimum obligations have not been reduced by minimum rentals of $2,357,000 and $19,703,000 receivable in the future under noncancelable subleases of capital leases and operating leases, respectively, as of December 30, 1994. Rental expense charged to income was as follows: NOTE 13 SUMMARIZED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) COMMON STOCK DIVIDENDS AND PRICE RANGE (UNAUDITED) Dividends In the third quarter of 1993 the Company suspended the quarterly cash dividend on its common stock. Dividends declared per share for the most recent five years were $.05 in 1993, and $.10 in 1990, 1991 and 1992. No dividends were declared or paid in 1994. Payment of future dividends will be dependent upon the Company's earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and other factors. Market Price The common stock is listed on both the American and London Stock Exchanges. The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the range of high and low sale prices on the American Stock Exchange-Composite Transactions, as reported by The Wall Street Journal. On December 30, 1994 there were approximately 26,000 holders of record of Amdahl common stock. REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS To Amdahl Corporation: We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Amdahl Corporation (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries as of December 30, 1994 and December 31, 1993, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 30, 1994. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Amdahl Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 30, 1994 and December 31, 1993, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 30, 1994 in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. As discussed in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes, in 1993. San Jose, California ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP January 23, 1995  EX-21 9  Exhibit 21 Office of the Corporate Secretary Amdahl Corporation December 1994 AMDAHL CORPORATION SUBSIDIARIES JURISDICTION SUBSIDIARY ------------ ---------- Australia Amdahl Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia Amdahl Imports Pty. Ltd. Australia Amdahl Pacific Services Pty. Ltd. Australia Amdahl Superannuation (Australia) Pty. Ltd. Austria Amdahl Computersysteme Gesellschaft m.b.H. Belgium Amdahl Belgium S.A./N.V. Bermuda Amdahl Ireland Limited Bermuda Amdahl Middle East Operations, Limited California Amdahl Asia, Inc. California Amdahl Capital Corporation California Amdahl Finance Corporation California Amdahl International Corporation California Amdahl International Sales Corporation California Amdahl International Services Corporation California Amdahl Investment Corporation California Amdahl North Atlantic, Inc. California Amdahl Pacific Basin Operations, Inc. California Amsub Inc. California Amtemp, Inc. Canada Amdahl Canada Limited Canada Antares Alliance Group Canada Limited Delaware Amdahl Federal Service Corporation Delaware Antares Alliance Group Denmark Amdahl Danmark Computer Systems A/S France Amdahl France S.A. Germany Amdahl Deutschland GmbH Hong Kong Amdahl (China) Limited Ireland Amdahl Ireland Limited Italy Amdahl Italia S.p.A. Netherlands Amdahl Europe B.V. Netherlands Amdahl Nederland B.V. Netherlands Antilles Amdahl Overseas Capital Corporation N.V. Norway Amdahl Norge A/S Switzerland Amdahl (Schweiz) AG United Kingdom Amdahl Communications Systems Limited United Kingdom Amdahl International Management Services Limited United Kingdom Amdahl (U.K.) Limited  EX-23 10 Exhibit 23 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of our reports included (or incorporated by reference) in this Form 10-K into the Company's previously filed Registration Statement Nos. 33-55460 and 33- 54171 on Form S-8. /s/Arthur Andersen LLP ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP San Jose, California March 23, 1995  EX-24 11  Exhibit 24 AMDAHL CORPORATION POWER OF ATTORNEY The undersigned directors of Amdahl Corporation, a Delaware corporation, do hereby appoint Bruce J. Ryan, Corporate Secretary of the Corporation, their lawful attorney and agent for signature with power to execute the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10- K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The power granted herewith includes the power and authority to sign the names of the undersigned directors to any and all amendments filed to the Annual Report. Each of the undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorney and agent shall do pursuant to this power. This power of attorney may be signed in several counterparts. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of January 26, 1995. /s/ Keizo Fukagawa ------------------------ KEIZO FUKAGAWA /s/ E.F. Heizer, Jr. ------------------------ E.F. HEIZER, JR. /s/ Kazuto Kojima ------------------------ KAZUTO KOJIMA /s/ R. Stanley Laing ------------------------ R. STANLEY LAING /s/ John C. Lewis ------------------------ JOHN C. LEWIS /s/ Burton G. Malkiel ------------------------ BURTON G. MALKIEL /s/ George R. Packard ------------------------ GEORGE R. PACKARD /s/ Walter B. Reinhold ------------------------ WALTER B. REINHOLD /s/ Takamitsu Tsuchimoto ------------------------ TAKAMITSU TSUCHIMOTO /s/ J. Sidney Webb ------------------------ J. SIDNEY WEBB /s/ E. Joseph Zemke ------------------------ E. JOSEPH ZEMKE  EX-27 12  
