10-K 1 ye10k2002.txt JUNE 2002 10K  - ---------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- - ----------------------------------- --------------------------------------------- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (MARK ONE) X ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE - ---- ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2002 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number 2-22791 AGWAY INC. (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER) DELAWARE 15-0277720 (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION (I.R.S. EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NO.) OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION) 333 BUTTERNUT DRIVE, DEWITT, NEW YORK 13214 (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES AND ZIP CODE) REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE: 315-449-6436 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(B) OF THE ACT: TITLE OF EACH CLASS NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON WHICH REGISTERED ------------------- ----------------------------------------- None None SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(G) OF THE ACT: None INDICATE BY CHECK MARK WHETHER THE REGISTRANT (1) HAS FILED ALL REPORTS REQUIRED TO BE FILED BY SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 DURING THE PRECEDING 12 MONTHS (OR FOR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD THAT THE REGISTRANT WAS REQUIRED TO FILE SUCH REPORTS), AND (2) HAS BEEN SUBJECT TO SUCH FILING REQUIREMENTS FOR THE PAST 90 DAYS. X --- --- Yes No INDICATE BY CHECK MARK IF DISCLOSURE OF DELINQUENT FILERS PURSUANT TO ITEM 405 OF REGULATION S-K IS NOT CONTAINED HEREIN, AND WILL NOT BE CONTAINED, TO THE BEST OF REGISTRANT'S KNOWLEDGE, IN ANY DEFINITIVE PROXY OR INFORMATION STATEMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN PART III OF THIS FORM 10-K OR ANY AMENDMENT TO THIS FORM 10-K. X --- STATE THE AGGREGATE MARKET VALUE OF THE VOTING AND NON-VOTING COMMON EQUITY HELD BY NON-AFFILIATES OF THE REGISTRANT AS OF SEPTEMBER 27, 2002. Membership Common Stock, $25 Par Value - $2,411,200 INDICATE THE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING OF EACH OF THE REGISTRANT'S CLASSES OF COMMON STOCK, AS OF THE LATEST PRACTICABLE DATE. CLASS OUTSTANDING AT SEPTEMBER 27, 2002 ----- --------------------------------- Membership Common Stock, $25 Par Value 96,448 Shares - -------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ - --------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------  FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT - 2002 AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CROSS REFERENCE SHEET 2  PART I ITEMS 1 AND 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) CAUTIONARY STATEMENT FOR PURPOSES OF THE "SAFE HARBOR" PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 Agway is including the following cautionary statement in this Form 10-K to make applicable and take advantage of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for any forward-looking statement made by, or on behalf of, Agway. Where any such forward-looking statement includes a statement of the assumptions or basis underlying such forward-looking statement, Agway cautions that, while it believes such assumptions or basis to be reasonable and makes them in good faith, assumed facts or basis almost always vary from actual results, and the differences between assumed facts or basis and actual results can be material, depending upon the circumstances. Certain factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected have been discussed herein and include the factors set forth below. Other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include uncertainties of economic, competitive and market decisions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond the control of Agway. Where, in any forward- looking statement, Agway, or its management, expresses an expectation or belief as to future results, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the statement of expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. The words "believe," "expect," "intend" and "anticipate" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. GENERAL Agway Inc. was incorporated under the Delaware General Corporation Law in 1964 and is headquartered in De Witt, New York. Agway is an agricultural cooperative primarily engaged in providing agriculture-related products and services to its farmer-members and other customers, as described in more detail below. In this Form 10-K, unless otherwise indicated, the "Company," "Agway," "we," or "our" refer to Agway Inc. and its subsidiaries. Agway Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries intend to file voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in order to allow it to continue running its businesses without interruption while it gains the time needed to reorganize its financial obligations and strengthen its balance sheet. The petitions for Agway Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries will include the following business units: Agway Feed and Nutrition, Agway Agronomy, Seedway, Feed Commodities International (FCI), Country Best Produce, CPG Nutrients, Agway CPG Technologies and Agway General Agency. These petitions are expected to be filed with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of New York in Utica, New York, on October 1, 2002. Four wholly owned Agway Inc. subsidiaries WILL NOT be included in the Chapter 11 filings: Agway Energy Products LLC, Agway Energy Services, Inc., Agway Energy Services-PA, Inc. and Telmark LLC. Agway intends to develop a longer-term strategic plan of reorganization that will serve as a framework for Agway's emergence from the Chapter 11 process as a financially healthy, more competitive enterprise. As of June 30, 2002, Agway's total assets on a consolidated basis were $1,574,360 while its total liabilities on a consolidated basis were approximately $1,510,258. For more information, see the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Note 2, Going Concern, in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplemental Data. Agway is an agricultural cooperative directly engaged within its continuing operations in manufacturing, processing, distribution, and marketing of agricultural feed products and services for its farmer-members and other customers, primarily in the northeastern United States and Ohio. In addition, Agway is involved in repacking and marketing fresh produce and is involved in new technologies to benefit agricultural and food businesses through its Country Products Group segment. Agway, through a wholly owned subsidiary, Agway Energy Products LLC, is also involved in the distribution of petroleum products and the installation and servicing of heating, ventilation, and air-conditioning equipment. 3  ITEMS 1 AND 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) GENERAL (CONTINUED) Operating as a cooperative, Agway is eligible to pay patronage refunds to its members and "contract patrons" from earnings on sales of patronage eligible products and services. See Patronage Refunds below. For income tax purposes, Agway is subject to corporate income tax at applicable tax rates on all taxable income remaining after deductions for patronage refunds, if paid. Prior to July 1, 2001, Agway Financial Corporation (AFC), a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1986 with principal executive offices located in Wilmington, Delaware, was a wholly owned subsidiary of Agway. AFC's principal business activities consisted of securing financing through bank borrowings and public issuance of corporate debt instruments, principally in the form of Subordinated Debentures and Subordinated Money Market Certificates (collectively the "Debt Securities"), in order to provide funds for general corporate purposes to Agway, AFC's wholly owned subsidiary, Agway Holdings Inc. (AHI), and certain of AHI's subsidiaries. Major holdings of AHI included Agway Energy Products LLC, Agway Energy Services Inc., and Agway Energy Services-PA, Inc. (Energy segment), Telmark LLC and its subsidiaries (Leasing segment), and Agway Insurance Company and Agway General Agency Inc. (Insurance segment) through June 30, 2001. In exemptive relief granted pursuant to a "no action letter" issued by the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), AFC did not file periodic reports with the SEC for itself but did historically report summarized financial information in Agway's financial statement footnotes. The Leasing and Insurance segments (now included in discontinued operations) have historically financed their activities through their own operations or with a combination of their own short- and long- term credit facilities. No funds borrowed by AFC were used to finance Leasing or Insurance nor is Telmark LLC's debt guaranteed by Agway. Over time, we determined that Agway's complex corporate structure was no longer necessary due to changed circumstances related to Agway's financing, and effective July 1, 2001, we simplified the corporate structure by merging AFC and AHI into Agway Inc. As a result of those mergers, Agway Inc. assumed all the assets and liabilities of AFC (including the Debt Securities) and AHI and assumed the direct responsibility of securing financing, as described above. In connection with the assumption by Agway of the obligations under the Debt Securities, AFC, Agway and The Chase Manhattan Bank, a New York banking corporation (the Trustee), entered into a Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 1, 2001 which provides for the assumption by Agway of all rights, responsibilities and obligations of AFC under existing indentures and the Debt Securities to which they relate. As a result of the foregoing transactions, all of AHI's direct subsidiaries became direct subsidiaries of Agway. In addition, also effective July 1, 2001, Agway, as the sole member of Milford Fertilizer Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Milford), merged Milford with and into Agway Inc. As a result of this merger, Agway Inc. has assumed all of the assets and liabilities of Milford. The above mergers did not result in a material change in the consolidated financial position or results of operations of Agway. 4  ITEMS 1 AND 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) GENERAL (CONTINUED) Prior to March 6, 2002, Agway reported its financial results in five primary segments: Agriculture, Country Products Group, Energy, Insurance, and Leasing. On March 6, 2002, the Company announced details of a comprehensive plan designed to refocus capital resources on four selected businesses: Animal Feed and Nutrition (the principal operation within the Agriculture segment), Energy Products (Energy segment), Produce, and Agricultural Technologies (operations within the Country Products Group segment). This plan also disclosed our intentions to divest four business operations: Telmark (the former Leasing segment), Agway Insurance Company (the principal operation within the former Insurance segment), and Agronomy and Seedway (formerly components of the Agriculture segment). After this plan was announced, as part of its ongoing strategic assessment, Agway began to explore strategic alternatives involving the sunflower business (Sunflower), an operation formerly included within the Country Products Group segment, and in June 2002, the Agway Board of Directors voted to pursue a sale of this business. As required by generally accepted accounting principles, the financial statements presented in this Form 10-K separately reflect the business operations planned for divestiture as discontinued operations for all periods reported. For further information on these discontinued operations, refer to Discontinued Operations below and in Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and to Note 3 to the financial statements contained in Item 8. As a result of the foregoing, Agway now reports its financial results in three primarily segments: Agriculture, Country Products Group, and Energy. For more information regarding these segments, see Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. On August 28, 2002, Agway completed the sale of Agway Insurance Company to United Farm Family Mutual Insurance Company. On September 16, 2002, Agway completed the sale of its sunflower business to Cenex Harvest States Cooperatives. On September 27, 2002, Agway and GROWMARK announced that they had signed a definitive agreement regarding the sale of the Agronomy and Seedway businesses and related assets. AGRICULTURE FEED AND NUTRITION: The Feed and Nutrition Division operates 18 feed mills, principally in New York, Pennsylvania, and Vermont. These operations manufacture livestock and poultry feeds under Agway formulae. Products are sold primarily through an Agway sales force, which actively calls on farmer-customers and responds to customer inquiries. Agway believes that production capacity of animal feeds will be sufficient to meet market needs of the Feed and Nutrition Division. As of September 2002, as a result of a continued strategic assessment of the feed mills, the Company has signed a purchase and sale agreement for the sale of the Guilderland, New York, feed mill and expects to close in October 2002. In addition, as noted above, Agway and GROWMARK have signed a definitive agreement regarding the sale of the Agronomy and Seedway businesses and related assets to GROWMARK. The Feed operations have built four farms, which, on a contract basis for farmers, custom raise heifers in an environment that is designed to result in those heifers testing free of specific pathogens (TSPF(TM) - tested-specific pathogen free) with the ultimate goal of increasing the productivity levels of such heifers. The facilities are in Elba, Easton, and Hopkinton, New York, and Newburg, Pennsylvania. As of September 2002, as a result of a continued strategic assessment of these farms, the Company has signed a purchase and sale agreement for the sale of the Easton, New York, farm and expects to close on the sale in October 2002. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT: The Feed and Nutrition Division conducts research pertinent to its markets. During the years ended June 2002, 2001 and 2000, net expenditures of $100, $200 and $2,400, respectively, were incurred by Agriculture on agricultural research activities. The fiscal 2000 expenditures were substantially the result of the initial development of the TSPF(TM) heifer-rearing process. 5  ITEMS 1 AND 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) AGRICULTURE (CONTINUED) COMPETITION: The Feed operations are one of the largest suppliers based on sales volume in the northeastern United States (Source: Feed Management). Competition exists with large national and regional feed manufacturers as well as with local independent mills. The market position held by Agway in the feed business is significant, resulting from performance, quality of its products, an established manufacturing and distribution system, and a knowledgeable work force. AGRICULTURE REALIGNMENT: In the second quarter of fiscal year 2001, the Agway Board of Directors approved a plan (the Agriculture Plan) to realign the Agriculture segment of Agway's business with the continuing concentration of farming and our farmer-members in the northeastern United States. The realignment of the Agriculture segment into a Feed and Nutrition Division and an Agronomy Division has been completed. In addition, a total of 62 locations have been converted to dealers, sold, or closed and 397 employees at these locations have been paid severance. The 62 locations were comprised of 4 feed mills, 12 feed storage and mix locations, 39 agronomy facilities, and 7 farm stores. During the realignment process, gains experienced on the sale of properties have been recognized when realized, inventories have been reduced to their estimated net realizable values, and operating costs during the transition period are recognized when incurred (see Note 13 to the financial statements for summary of impact of this plan). As noted above, Agway and GROWMARK have signed a definitive agreement regarding the sale of the Agronomy and Seedway businesses, and related assests to GROWMARK. COUNTRY PRODUCTS GROUP Agway's Country Products Group (CPG) is engaged in the repacking and marketing of fresh produce and is involved in the development of new technologies to benefit agricultural and food businesses. Agway believes that all operations of CPG have sufficient capacity to meet their operating requirements. The produce operations of CPG (generally marketed under the name Country Best) consist of a network of seventeen offices/facilities. Facilities in DeWitt, Elba, and Chittenango, NY; Winder, Georgia; and Plant City, Florida specialize in sizing and packing potatoes, onions and corn into consumer packages for sale to grocery store and food service outlets. A second facility in Plant City, Florida specializes in handling and selling fresh strawberries and other vegetables primarily from Florida. There are three farmers' market locations (Forest Park, Georgia; and Tampa and Plant City, Florida) that sell a wide variety of produce to food service distributors and grocery store outlets. Produce brokerage locations operate out of Calverton, New York, and Idaho Falls, Idaho, and market a wide variety of produce across the United States. The truck brokerage operation and the seed potato business were both shut down in May and June of 2002, respectively, due to a planned decision to exit these business lines. The full-line produce operation in Donna, Texas, was shut down in July 2001, due to unsatisfactory financial performance. Country Products Group started several businesses involved in new technologies to benefit agricultural and food businesses as follows: CPG Nutrients, headquartered in DeWitt, New York, is exploring opportunities to apply new technologies within the agricultural industry and, where feasible and practical, to introduce those products and market them to national and international agricultural customers. A facility in Kittanning, Pennsylvania, produces an animal feed product, OptigenTM 1200, a controlled release nitrogen source that uses a technology originally developed by Planet Polymer, discussed below. Agway CPG Technologies International (CPG Technologies), headquartered in DeWitt, New York, invests in post-harvest technologies such as Fresh Seal(TM), a innovative product used for the preservation of fruits and vegetables. Fresh Seal(TM) also uses a technology originally developed by Planet Polymer. CPG, through Agway, currently owns approximately 33% (3,000,000 shares) of the outstanding common stock of Planet Polymer Technologies Inc. (Planet), located in San Diego, California. On July 18, 2001, Planet's common stock was delisted from the Nasdaq small cap stock market due to non-compliance with Nasdaq net tangible assets and minimum bid pricing requirements. 6  ITEMS 1 AND 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) COUNTRY PRODUCTS GROUP (CONTINUED) In November 1998, Planet granted Agway an exclusive worldwide license for all current and future products that utilize Planet's polymer coating technology for agricultural and food-related purposes (other than products already covered by existing agreements). In March 2000, Agway and Planet entered into sub-license agreements defining sales royalties due Planet with respect to Planet's patented/patent pending coatings and/or polymer systems sold for use in animal feed products and on fruits, vegetables, floral and nursery items. In November 2000, Agway purchased rights to the Planet patents that are used in animal feed products and on fruits, vegetables, floral, and nursery items. For these rights, Agway agreed to (1) pay $250 in cash, (2) continue the sales royalties due Planet as defined in the sub-license agreement existing prior to the purchase of these patent rights, and (3) sell back to Planet the exclusive worldwide license to all current and future products that utilize this polymer coating technology for uses other than agricultural and food-related purposes for $150. CPG has recently disposed of its business operations involved in the processing, sale, and distribution of human edible sunflower seed and bird food and the manufacturing of bags. These operations were sold in transactions that closed subsequent to June 30, 2002. In addition, CPG has a minority interest in Pro- Pet, a pet food manufacturer, which is under contract to be sold incrementally over time. LifeRight Foods, LLC, headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, was a joint venture owned 45% by CPG and 45% and 10% by two independent entities. The purpose of LifeRight Foods was to develop and market branded, nutritionally enriched food products for the retail market. This was to be accomplished through the development or license of animal feed products which produce enhanced food products. In September 2002, the joint venture was dissolved. The intellectual property developed by the joint venture was assigned to the prior joint venture members in proportion to their prior ownership interests. Rights of members are governed by an intellectual property agreement. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT: During the years ended June 2002, 2001 and 2000, expenditures of $300, $300 and $500, respectively, were incurred by CPG on research and development activities. COMPETITION: CPG's produce operation competes with a large number of firms of all sizes and types. The principal factors of competition in these operations are product quality, efficiencies in product distribution, concentration in selected markets, technology and current market pricing. CPG's operations do not occupy a major position in national markets. CPG Nutrients has no direct competitors in the market for controlled-release nitrogen products in the animal feed area, so competition will come from indirect sources. CPG Nutrients competes on the basis of a new technology that, compared to existing technologies, improves product quality and performance. As new products are developed, competitive factors may change. CPG Technologies' competition comes from several types of coating companies and producers of similar products, some of which are much larger than CPG Technologies and have had a long history in the industry. Produce coatings of waxes, shellacs, anti-oxidants, modified atmosphere films, and new coating developments, as well as products such as controlled atmosphere containers, film liners, and wax boxes, all compete in the market for specialized coatings and films. 7  ITEMS 1 AND 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) ENERGY Agway Energy Products LLC (AEP), a wholly owned Delaware limited liability company, is a full-service energy solutions provider to residential, farm, and commercial customers principally in New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Vermont. AEP is engaged in the sale and delivery of fuel oil, kerosene, propane, gasoline and diesel fuel (both delivered direct to users and distributed through AEP's service stations), as well as the marketing of natural gas and electricity through Agway Energy Services, Inc. and Agway Energy Services-PA, Inc., wholly owned subsidiaries of AEP, where deregulation makes that possible. AEP serves the majority of its customer base by providing home comfort, particularly in the area of heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) equipment and fuels to power these systems. AEP installs and services all types of whole-house warm and cool air systems (furnaces, boilers, air conditioners), air cleaners, humidifiers, de- humidifiers, hearth products, space heaters, room air conditioners, and water systems. Services such as duct cleaning, air balancing, and energy audits are also offered. A product emphasis on oil and propane heating fuels creates seasonal increases in sales and working capital requirements in the fall and winter months. All products are purchased from numerous suppliers or through open-market purchases. During fiscal 2002, AEP owned and operated, within its geographic territory, 93 distribution and sales centers. AEP also distributes products through approximately 60 distributors and resellers. Agway believes that these facilities are sufficient to meet the current operating requirements of the business. In June 2000, AEP sold 6 of its 7 terminals to Buckeye Partners, L.P. (Buckeye) as part of AEP's strategy to focus on growing its retail energy marketing business. An agreement with Buckeye allows AEP to utilize these terminal facilities for storage as part of its distribution network. In May 2001, AEP sold its final terminal and no longer operates terminals. COMPETITION: The fuel oil, propane, HVAC, and power fuel industries in which AEP competes are generally fragmented and consist of a large number of small businesses. Some consolidation in fuel oil, propane, and HVAC has created a number of larger competitors in these industries. Power fuel competition includes major oil companies as well as smaller, independent businesses. Also, several large, fully-integrated competitors have begun to offer a similar range of home comfort products and services. These competitors have evolved from utility companies in the face of deregulation and the corresponding threat to their traditionally captive customer base. In addition, unregulated subsidiaries of utilities make up the majority of the competition for the natural gas and electricity businesses. OTHER As discussed below in Discontinued Operations, Agway Insurance Company, the principal operation in Agway's Insurance segment, was sold on August 28, 2002. As a result, Agway General Agency Inc., formerly reported as part of the Insurance segment, is now reported in the Other segment, along with net corporate costs, pension income, intersegment elimination, and interest. Agway General Agency Inc. markets medical, long-term care, life and other products designed by non- affiliated companies for the agricultural marketplace. In addition, Agency provides administrative management services to Agway business units including claims, risk, facilities, data processing and payroll/benefits management. 8 ITEMS 1 AND 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS In fiscal 2000, the Agway Board of Directors approved the sale or closure of Agway retail properties and the sale of the wholesale procurement and supply system which represented the Company's retail operations historically reported as a separate segment. On March 6, 2002, the Company announced details of a comprehensive plan that included our intentions to divest four business operations: Telmark (the former Leasing segment), Agway Insurance Company (the principal operation within the former Insurance segment), and Agronomy and Seedway (formerly components of the Agriculture segment). After this plan was announced, as part of its ongoing strategic assessment, Agway engaged an investment advisor to assist in the exploration of strategic alternatives involving the Sunflower business (an operation formerly included within the Country Products Group segment). In June 2002, after reviewing a number of written indications of interest, the Agway Board of Directors affirmed the Company's intention to have management actively pursue a sale of this business. As required by generally accepted accounting principles, the financial statements presented in this Form 10-K separately reflect these business operations planned for divestment, or actually divested, as discontinued operations for all periods reported. The following are descriptions of the business and properties of these discontinued operations: LEASING: Telmark LLC (Telmark), a wholly owned Delaware limited liability company, and Telmark's consolidated subsidiaries (which comprise the former Leasing segment) finance equipment, buildings, and vehicles primarily to farmers and other customers in rural communities. Telmark employs a captive sales force as its primary distribution system in most of the continental United States. In addition, Telmark offers financing in those same markets through its Telmark Express program, which allows customers to do business directly with the Telmark home office on smaller- ticket leases. Telmark also transacts business in Canada through a separate subsidiary, Telease Financial Services, Ltd. (TFS). TFS is a Canadian corporation which enters into certain lease transactions with Canadian customers. Telmark is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Agway. However, on September 14, 2001, Agway pledged its membership interest in Telmark to General Electric Capital Corporation (GECC), as agent and lender, to provide additional collateral to secure Agway's obligations under its Credit Agreement with GECC and a syndicated group of lenders. In the event Agway defaults on its obligations under this Credit Agreement, Agway lenders could choose among the remedies available to them, including the right to foreclose on the Telmark membership interest pledged as security, which would result in a change in control of Telmark. In addition, as discussed above, Agway has announced its intention to pursue a sale of Telmark. Goldman, Sachs & Co. is assisting Agway in exploring strategic alternatives for this business. As of June 30, 2002, Telmark had approximately $734,000 of net investment in leases outstanding with persons other than Agway and its subsidiaries, net of unearned interest and finance charges of approximately $260,400. Telmark finances its operations and lease portfolio growth through earnings and borrowings under its lines of credit, private placements of debt with institutional investors, lease securitizations, or sales of debentures to the public. As a result of Telmark issuing subordinated debentures to the public, it files its own periodic reports with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. INSURANCE: Agway Insurance Company, the primary component of the former Insurance segment, is a New York property and casualty insurance company authorized to write insurance as specified in the New York Insurance Law, Sections 1113 and 4102(c). As of June 30, 2002, Agway Insurance wrote insurance in 10 eastern states and its headquarters were located in DeWitt, New York. Lines of insurance sold include farmowners, homeowners, farm commercial and personal auto liability and physical damage, and miscellaneous commercial policies that support the agricultural marketplace. On August 28, 2002, Agway announced the completion of the sale of Agway Insurance Company to United Farm Family Mutual Insurance Company. 9  ITEMS 1 AND 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) AGRONOMY: The Agronomy Division operates 76 agronomic blending plants and storage facilities. These operations manufacture, process, and procure fertilizer and other crop-related products to be sold as direct shipments to farmer- customers, farmer-dealers, non- farmer customers, and wholesale accounts. The fertilizer operation in East Berlin, Pennsylvania manufactures yard and garden fertilizers sold to dealers and distributors on the East Coast. In East Liverpool, Ohio, we have fertilizer grading equipment which processes fertilizer we sell to other commercial customers. Agronomy purchases a large portion of its fertilizer from CF Industries, Inc., an agricultural cooperative of which Agway is a member and is eligible for patronage refunds. Agway has an investment in CF Industries totaling $25,260 at June 30, 2002. Other crop-related products sold primarily for farm use include plant nutrients, lime, crop protectants, and various seed products. The Agronomy operation is seasonal in nature, with the majority of sales and demand on working capital generated at the beginning of a growing season (which in the Northeast is late winter and spring). Agronomy's seed operations (including Seedway) produce, import, and market, primarily for commercial use, agricultural, vegetable, and turf seeds through facilities located in Hall, New York, and Elizabethtown, Emmaus, Mifflinburg, and York, Pennsylvania. The Agronomy operation also has direct marketing operations involved in the processing, bulk storage, and retail and wholesale sales of seeds and bulk storage and wholesale sales of fertilizer products. To date, progress has been made regarding our plans to divest the Agronomy business. On September 27, 2002, GROWMARK, Inc. and Agway announced that they had signed a definitive agreement to sell Agway's Agronomy and Seedway businesses and related assets to GROWMARK. Those assets include an investment in CF Industries and Allied Seed LLC. SUNFLOWER: As of June 30, 2002, the sunflower business, an operation of the Country Products Group, operated two sunflower processing facilities in Grandin, North Dakota. The processing plants produce and market human edible sunflower seed, hulled millet, wild bird food and related products. These products are sold throughout the United States as well as internationally. On September 16, 2002, Agway completed the sale of its sunflower business to the Cenex Harvest States Cooperatives. RETAIL: In fiscal 2000, the Agway Board of Directors approved plans to restructure the retail services business. The plans called for the sale or closure of the 227 Agway retail properties and the sale of the wholesale procurement and supply system. The sale of the wholesale procurement and supply system, when combined with the sale and closure of the Agway-owned or operated retail stores, constituted a plan to discontinue operations of the retail services business. For financial reporting purposes, the measurement date upon which this discontinued operation plan became effective was June 20, 2000. Operating results of the retail services business, including restructuring activity which took place through that date, are included in the operating loss from discontinued operations in the financial statements for the year ended June 2000. The anticipated gains and losses after June 20, 2000 from the future anticipated sale of the wholesale procurement and supply system, which was consummated on July 31, 2000, and the sale or closure of the remaining Agway-owned or operated retail store properties, as well as the results of their future operations through the anticipated dates of sale (as allowed under generally accepted accounting principles at that time), are included in the loss on disposal of the retail services business in the June 2000 statement of operations. No adjustments to the original estimated loss on disposal have been made. The Company continues to market remaining former retail store properties for sale. 10  ITEMS 1 AND 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) HUMAN RESOURCES As of June 30, 2002, Agway and its subsidiaries employed approximately 4,200 people, 600 of whom were part-time. This represents a decrease of 500 people from 4,700 employees as of June 30, 2001. The decrease is substantially due to the discontinuation of the former retail services business and to the Agriculture Plan realignment, the details of which are disclosed above. See Agriculture - Realignment and Discontinued Operations above. There are approximately 106 employees represented by two different unions with five existing union contracts. We enjoy satisfactory relations with both our union and nonunion employees as a result of competitive wage and benefit programs. ADMINISTRATIVE Our principal administrative office is located at 333 Butternut Drive in DeWitt, New York. It occupies approximately 180,000 square feet under terms of a lease with 5 remaining years with two 10-year renewal options. Agway believes that the combination of its principal administrative office and other satellite business unit locations are sufficient for its operations. REGULATION Agway and its subsidiaries are subject to various laws and governmental regulations concerning employee health, product safety, and environmental matters. These laws and regulations are enforced by federal government agencies such as the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). OSHA monitors employee safety and health matters. The FDA sets standards for foods and other products sold to consumers, and the EPA creates rules to protect the environment, such as rules to control pollution and to reduce exposure to chemicals. Many states have adopted similar laws and regulations, which are enforced by state agencies and some of which may be more burdensome than similar federal requirements. Agway believes its business, as currently conducted, is not adversely affected by any of these laws and regulations. However, these laws and regulations are constantly changing and may impose greater requirements and expense on Agway and its subsidiaries in the future. Currently, Agway is negotiating with various government agencies concerning the clean up of hazardous waste sites. These sites are commonly known as Superfund sites under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA). See Item 3, Legal Proceedings, for details of the current status of these sites. STOCKHOLDER MEMBERSHIP AND CONTROL OF AGWAY Agway members are farmers or cooperative organizations of farmers who hold one share of Agway's Membership Common Stock and who purchase farm supplies or farm services or market farm products through Agway or authorized dealers. Currently, Agway has approximately 68,000 members. Each share of Membership Common Stock is entitled to one vote for the election of directors and for other corporate actions. The Membership Common Stock, $25 par value, is held only by active Agway members. Ownership of Membership Common Stock is different from ownership of common stock in typical business corporations because Agway is an agricultural cooperative. Membership Common Stock may only be purchased by persons who qualify as Agway members and is transferrable only with Agway's consent. Membership Common Stock indicates membership in Agway rather than indicating a significant equity interest in Agway. The equity interest of a holder of Membership Common Stock is limited to the $25 par value of the security, plus dividends declared and unpaid, if any, for the current year. Dividends are limited to 8% of the par value of Membership Common Stock and may be declared at the discretion of the Agway Board of Directors each fiscal year. The residual equity in the net assets of Agway is held for the benefit of past and present member-patrons of Agway. 11  ITEMS 1 AND 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) STOCKHOLDER MEMBERSHIP AND CONTROL OF AGWAY (CONTINUED) Agway also has preferred stock. Four different series of Cumulative Preferred Stock (Series A, Series B, Series B-1 and Series C), $100 par value, are held by Agway members, the Agway Inc. Employees' 40l(k) Thrift Investment Plan and the general public. In addition, non-cumulative Honorary Member Preferred Stock (Series HM), $25 par value, is held only by former Agway members (see Note 11 of the financial statements for further details of preferred stock). The equity interest of a holder of preferred stock is limited to the par value of such stock. The Board of Directors (Board) controls the affairs and business of Agway. Agway directors are nominated out of three geographic Nomination Regions. Region Nominating Task Forces established in each region identify and recommend Member Director candidates to the Board Membership and Nominating Committee. All stockholder actions, except as otherwise provided by law, including the election of directors, are determined by the vote of Agway members present by proxy (another person authorized by the member to vote) or in person at the annual meeting (or special meetings) of members. There are presently 15 directors on the Board, 14 of whom are members and one of whom is the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Company. The Company's by-laws also permit up to two other directors who are not required to be members. There presently are no such other directors on the Board. Members elect directors each year at the annual meeting to fill new seats or vacancies resulting from the expiration of the terms of certain directors. Once elected, a director holds office for a term of 3 years. In June 2002, the Board decided to reduce its size from 17 directors to 12, effective with the 2002 annual meeting. The Board will then consist of 11 directors, and will include only Agway members and the CEO of the Company. RETAINED EARNINGS Retained Earnings (also sometimes referred to as retained margins) are held for the benefit of past and present Agway members. Retained Earnings are all net earnings (gross receipts reduced by all operating expenses) of Agway remaining after payment of income taxes, dividends on issued and outstanding stock, patronage refunds, and all net earnings from the business activities of predecessors in interest (companies who were acquired by or merged into Agway), kept as reasonable reserves. Retained Earnings consist of : (1) The portion of Member Earnings (net earnings based only on purchases by members) undistributed to members. (2) Net earnings based on nonmember purchases and marketing operations. (3) All other income, including earnings from non-agricultural divisions and subsidiaries of Agway, dividends and interest from non-cooperative investments. The Retained Earnings of Agway will only be distributed to Agway members upon dissolution of Agway. According to the By-laws adopted by Agway, upon dissolution, the Retained Earnings will be distributed proportionately among Agway's past and present members in accordance with their interests, after all debts are paid in full and any amounts due to holders of preferred stock, revolving fund certificates, and common stock are paid. (Agway has no revolving fund certificates outstanding.) 12  ITEMS 1 AND 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) PATRONAGE REFUNDS The By-laws of Agway provide that, after the end of each fiscal year, an amount equal to the earnings, if any, realized on a tax basis by Agway after deduction for reasonable reserves for future operating expenses and amounts paid or set aside for payment of income taxes and dividends on issued and outstanding stock of Agway may be paid as patronage refunds in cash. The total amount of patronage refunds paid must not exceed the total earnings attributable to the sale of farm supplies by Agway to members during the fiscal year. These patronage refunds are based on sales of feed, agronomic products, and selected eligible farm supplies to members for the fiscal year. Each member's total patronage refund is based on the proportion of his/her purchases of farm supplies made from Agway during the fiscal year, to the total farm supply purchases made by all members in such year. No patronage refunds are payable with respect to the purchase of services for the marketing of farm products through Agway, unless specified in a contract between the member and Agway. The By-laws of Agway also allow the Board of Directors to authorize the payment of patronage refunds to certain contract patrons. Contract patrons are persons or businesses, other than members, who purchase eligible farm supplies from Agway. Payment of patronage refunds to contract patrons must be made on the same terms and conditions as those specified above for members. Examples of contract patrons may be certain departments or agencies of governments, and charitable, religious or educational institutions that use or produce farm supplies. Business with contract patrons currently represents less than 1% of Agway's annual sales volume. Agway has not paid patronage refunds in any recent period and does not expect to pay any patronage refunds in the foreseeable future. 13  ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Agway and its subsidiaries are not involved in any material pending legal proceedings other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business except the following: In June 2002, the State of New Jersey (NJ) notified Agway Inc. that NJ has reason to believe that Agway is a potentially responsible party (PRP) under the New Jersey Spill Compensation and Control Act at the Syncon Resins Superfund Site, Kearny Township, Hudson County, New Jersey. NJ has requested that Agway explore the possibility of amicably resolving its claim for reimbursement of remediation costs at the site which currently totals approximately $5,000. Agway understands that there are several other parties that could be involved in the resolution of this claim and has accrued its best estimate for any additional costs it may incur in connection with the site. In June 2002, the State of New York (NY) filed a Complaint against Agway Inc. in the New York Supreme Court alleging that Agway Inc. engaged in the sale of pesticides not registered for sale in the State of New York on Long Island, New York. The Complaint demands injunctive relief and monetary penalties. Agway is investigating the allegations in the Complaint. In addition, Agway has contacted NY and is attempting to amicably resolve this matter. The Company believes the impact of the resolution of this lawsuit will not be material in relation to the consolidated financial position of the Company. In May 2000, approximately 90 North Dakota farmers (Jorgenson, et al. v. Agway Inc.) filed a Complaint against Agway Inc. in the U.S. District Court, District of North Dakota, Southeastern Division, alleging that they bought and planted a variety of confection sunflower seed during the spring of 1999 from Agway Inc. which was defective. This matter was resolved to the mutual satisfaction of the parties during fiscal 2002. In August 1995, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) notified Agway that the EPA has reason to believe that Agway is a PRP under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA) at the Tri-Cities Barrel site, Port Crane, New York. In June 1997, the cooperating PRPs agreed upon an allocation of responsibility for past and future investigation and remediation costs. In March 2000, the EPA issued the Record of Decision (ROD) for the Remedial Design/Remedial Action (RD/RA) for the site. The EPA requested that Agway and the other PRPs participate in the RD/RA. A group of cooperating PRPs, including Agway, negotiated a Consent Decree with the EPA to perform the RD/RA. The Consent Decree was approved by the U.S. District Court, Northern District of New York, in August 2001. Based on the agreed upon allocation and the cost estimates for the site, Agway has accrued its best estimate for any additional costs it may incur in connection with the site. In August 1994 the EPA notified Motor Transportation Services, Inc. (MTS), a dissolved wholly owned subsidiary of AHI, that the EPA has reason to believe that MTS is a PRP under CERCLA at the Rosen Site, Cortland, New York. The EPA requested that MTS and other PRPs participate in the ongoing Remedial Investigation/Feasibility Study (RI/FS) for the Rosen Site. In March 1998, the EPA issued a unilateral administrative order to the PRPs, including Agway and MTS, for a removal action at the Rosen Site. Agway and MTS have notified the EPA that they will comply with the order by cooperating with the other PRPs to assure that the removal action is performed. In addition, Agway and MTS have offered to cooperate with the other PRPs in performing an RD/RA for the site in accordance with the ROD issued by the EPA and a Consent Decree was entered by the U.S. District Court, Northern District of New York, in May 1999. Agway currently has accrued its best estimate relative to the cost of any additional assessment, containment, removal or remediation actions regarding the property. However, it is reasonably possible that the results of ongoing and/or future environmental studies or other factors could alter this estimate and require the recording of additional liabilities. The extent or amount of such events cannot be estimated at this time. However, Agway believes that its past experience provides a reasonable basis for its estimates recorded for this matter. In addition, as described in greater detail elsewhere in this report, Agway and certain of its subsidiaries intend to file voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. These petitions are expected to be filed with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of New York in Utica, New York, on October 1, 2002. For more information, see Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Item 8--Note 2, Going Concern. 14  ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS There were no items submitted to a vote of security holders for the three months ended June 30, 2002. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS (a) Principal Market: There is no market for the equity securities of Agway. On June 14, 2002, Agway suspended its voluntary practice of repurchasing eligible outstanding Agway securities. As discussed in Agway's periodic reports and prospectuses relating to the sale of those securities, Agway was under no obligation to repurchase those securities, retained the right to stop or suspend the practice at any time, and could be required to stop or suspend this practice if the conditions of its primary credit agreement with a syndicated group of lenders were not satisfied. (b) Approximate Numbers of Holders of Common Stock: The number of holders of record of Agway's Common Stock, as of September 27, 2002, is 96,448, of which 28,439 shares have been called for those holders no longer meeting the membership eligibility requirements as identified in Section 2.1(a) in the By-Laws of Agway Inc. (c) Dividends Paid: An annual 6% dividend, or $1.50 per share, was paid on Agway's Common Stock in 2002 and 2001. Limitations on Ownership and Availability of Net Earnings to Membership Common Stockholders: Refer to Stockholder Membership and Control of Agway and Patronage Refunds under Items 1 and 2--Business and Properties. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The following Selected Financial Data of Agway and Consolidated Subsidiaries has been derived from consolidated financial statements audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent certified public accountants, whose report for the three years ended June 30, 2002 is included elsewhere in this Form 10-K, and should be read in conjunction with the full consolidated financial statements of Agway and notes thereto. (1) The amounts reflect only the continuing operations of the Company. (2) The data reflects after-tax operating results and loss on disposal of all discontinued operations of the Company. See Note 3 to the financial statements for details. (3) Effective June 25, 2000, Agway changed its method of determining the value of derivative instruments under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." A cumulative effect adjustment, net of tax of $1,057, decreased net earnings in 2001. (4) Effective July 1, 1997, Agway changed its method of determining the market-related value of its plan assets under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 87, "Accounting for Pensions." A cumulative effect adjustment, net of tax, of $28,956 increased net earnings in 1998. (5) The data includes the assets from the business segments that are now reported as discontinued operations. See Note 3 to the financial statements for details. 15  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) The following discussion refers to Agway Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries and should be read in conjunction with Item 6, Selected Financial Data and the Consolidated Financial Statements of Agway and Notes thereto in Item 8, specifically Financial Information Concerning Segment Reporting (Note 12) and Discontinued Operations (Note 3). The purpose of this discussion is to outline the most significant factors having an impact upon the results of operations, the liquidity, and the capital resources of the Company for each of the three fiscal years in the three-year period ended June 2002. Agway reports its continuing operations principally in three business segments: Agriculture, Country Products Group, and Energy. As noted above and further described in Item 8, Note 3 to the financial statements, on March 6, 2002, the Company announced its intentions to divest of four business operations: Telmark (formerly the Leasing segment), Agway Insurance Company (the principal operation within the former Insurance segment), and Agronomy and Seedway (formerly components of the Agriculture segment). Additionally, in June 2002, the Company committed to a plan to sell its Sunflower business (a former component of its Country Products Group segment). The consolidated results for all periods discussed reflect the Leasing, Insurance, Agronomy, Seedway, Sunflower, and Retail businesses as discontinued operations. As a result of the discontinued operations (exclusive of retail) being operational throughout fiscal 2002, management's discussion and analysis of these operations is included in this section of the report under the caption "Discontinued Operations." Subsequent to June 30, 2002, Agway Insurance Company and the Sunflower business were sold. Agway's continuing operations net sales and revenues and operating results are significantly impacted by seasonal fluctuations due to the nature of its operations and the geographic location of its service area, which is primarily the northeastern United States. Energy generally realizes significantly higher net sales and revenues in the winter months due to the higher demand for its products from cold winter conditions. The Agriculture feed business and Country Products Group net sales and revenues and operating results are not materially impacted by seasonal fluctuations. As discussed below, Agway and certain of its subsidiaries intend to file voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code on October 1, 2002 in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of New York. See Liquidity and Capital Resources below. Amounts in the following narrative have been rounded to the nearest hundred thousand. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - 2002 COMPARED WITH 2001 CONSOLIDATED RESULTS Consolidated net sales and revenues of $899,900 for 2002 decreased $234,800 (21%), compared to net sales and revenues of $1,134,700 in 2001. The overall decrease was the result of decreases in sales in each of our business segments, with the most significant decreases occurring in Energy, as more fully discussed below. The consolidated net loss of $98,200 for 2002 is an increase in net loss of $89,300 (1003%) compared to a net loss of $8,900 in 2001. Agway's net loss of $98,200 for 2002 includes a $85,400 net loss on disposal of certain businesses, net operating earnings of $4,700 during the year on those businesses to be disposed of, and net operating losses of $17,600 for continuing operations. The $85,400 loss on disposal is a gross loss of $103,200, net of tax benefit of $17,800. The $103,200 gross loss consists of a $71,600 write-down to the estimated fair value of the businesses being sold, a $13,400 recognition of related benefit plan curtailment costs, and $18,200 of direct costs relating to the sales transactions. Of the $103,200 total loss estimate related to the asset and business sales, only the direct costs of $18,200 represent a future cash cost to the Company. The net gain from discontinued operations of $4,700 in 2002 is an improvement of $3,100 (194%) from the net gain from discontinued operations of $1,600 in 2001 and reflects improved operating results principally in Telmark and Sunflower, which is partially offset by an increased loss in Agronomy, as more fully discussed below. The net loss from continuing operations of $17,600 in 2002 represents an increased loss of $8,100 (85%) from a net loss from continuing operations of $9,500 in 2001. 16  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) CONSOLIDATED RESULTS (CONTINUED) The $8,100 increase in net loss from continuing operations is made up of a $2,300 decrease in pre-tax losses offset by a $10,400 decrease in tax benefit. The decrease in pre-tax losses consists of operating improvements in Country Products Group ($9,500) and Agriculture ($7,600), offset by decreased pre-tax earnings in Energy ($9,600) and increased corporate expenses ($5,200). The increase in corporate expenses is primarily due to a $12,000 reduction in pension income associated with continuing operations, partially offset by a $7,300 reduction in postretirement benefit expense caused by several benefit plan amendments during 2002. Consolidated operating expenses from continuing operations of $896,900 in 2002 decreased $241,700 (21%) compared to consolidated operating expenses of $1,138,600 in 2001. The decrease in operating expenses was substantially due to a number of closed business locations in the current year within the Country Products Group and Agriculture segments. Additionally, Energy operating expenses declined as a result of volume and price declines in this business. Net interest expense from continuing operations of $21,000 increased $2,300 (12%) in 2002 as compared to $18,700 in 2001. The increase in net interest expense resulted from a decrease in interest income earned on customer account balances. Trade accounts receivable were significantly lower during 2002 as compared to 2001, particularly in Energy and Feed. As noted in Note 3 of the financial statements, interest expense from continuing operations is net of interest expense that has been allocated to the operating results of discontinued operations and totaled approximately $12,500 in 2002 and $11,000 in 2001. Net interest costs for all Agway operations (continuing and discontinued) totaled $37,100 in 2002 and $37,600 in 2001. Other income, net from continuing operations of $1,100 decreased $2,300 (68%) in 2002 compared to other income, net, of $3,400 in 2001. The reduction in other income is primarily a reduction in the gain on the sale of properties and equipment during 2002 compared to the prior year. Income tax expense from continuing operations of $700 in 2002 compared to a tax benefit of $9,700 in 2001 results in effective tax rates of 3.9% and (49.8%), respectively. As described in Note 8 to the financial statements, valuation allowance recorded on deferred tax assets has impacted the effective tax rate for 2002. AGRICULTURE Total Agriculture sales and revenues of $229,600 in 2002 decreased by $23,400 (9%) compared to sales and revenues of $253,000 in 2001, largely as a result of reduced feed sales. The feed business sales and revenues of $220,600 for the year ended June 30, 2002 decreased $17,500 (7%) compared to sales and revenues of $238,100 in 2001. The decline was substantially the result of reduced volumes in manufactured dairy and poultry feeds. The reduced dairy feed volume is directly attributable to the realignment of the Agriculture business started in December 2000, which was designed to realign the feed business with the concentration of farming and Agway member farmers in the northeastern United States. This alignment resulted in closed locations and the corresponding reduction in volumes in the current year compared to the prior year. The poultry feed decline resulted from a significant reduction in customer flock sizes compared to the prior year; that reduction in customer flock sizes was caused partly by poor economic conditions that affected certain of our poultry farmer customers. The average selling price of feeds remained relatively flat compared to the prior year. This is due in large part to commodity prices during 2002 being consistent with commodity prices during the prior year. Additionally, farm store sales decreased $9,700 (88%) in 2002 as a result of the closure of facilities in connection with planned business realignment noted above. The declines in Agriculture sales noted above were partially offset by TSPF(TM) heifer-rearing service revenues in 2002 of $7,700, which increased $3,800 (97%) compared to the prior year resulting from increased utilization of the facilities this year. 17  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) AGRICULTURE (CONTINUED) Agriculture pre-tax loss of $6,500 in 2002 decreased $7,600 (54%) compared to a pre-tax loss of $14,100 in 2001. The $6,500 loss in 2002 includes a $1,100 impaired asset charge related to the pending sale of one of the TSPF(TM) heifer-rearing farms and $5,400 in loss from ongoing operations. The $14,100 loss in 2001 includes $1,600 in costs associated with the Agriculture Plan (as further described in Note 13 to the financial statements), $1,700 in asset impairment charges related to select business activities with inadequate projected future cash flows and $10,800 in losses from ongoing operations. The $5,400 improvement from ongoing operations in Agriculture is primarily in the Feed and Nutrition Division principally from expense reductions in manufacturing and selling costs related to the Agriculture realignment effort where facility rationalization and operational efficiencies reduced these costs. Increased competitive pressures caused a reduction in gross margins in the first half of 2002 compared to the prior year. This was partially offset in the second half of fiscal 2002 by efforts to reduce procurement and logistic costs which improved gross margins compared to the prior year. COUNTRY PRODUCTS GROUP Country Products Group (CPG) total sales and revenues of $140,100 in 2002 decreased $22,300 (14%) compared to sales and revenues of $162,400 in 2001. The overall decrease in total CPG sales for 2002 compared to 2001 was the result of a decision made in the prior year to shut down or sell a number of business operations within the CPG portfolio of businesses, the most significant being a Texas produce operation. The exit of these businesses reduced sales and revenues by $26,600 in 2002 compared to the prior year. Sales in CPG ongoing operations increased $4,300 (3%) for the year ended June 30, 2002, compared to the prior year. An increase in sales in the continuing operations of the fresh produce operations of $3,200 (2%) in 2002 compared to 2001 resulted primarily from increased sales prices of potatoes due to a shortage in supply during the year. Additionally, sales in CPG's agricultural technology operations increased $2,100 (68%) in 2002, substantially due to higher sales volume of Optigen(TM) 1200, a controlled-release nitrogen feed product. CPG pre-tax loss of $3,700 in 2002 decreased $ 9,500 (72%) compared to the pre-tax loss of $13,200 in 2001. The ongoing fresh produce operations generated pre-tax earnings of $300 for the year ended June 30, 2002, compared to pre-tax earnings of $1,400 in the prior year, representing an overall decrease in pre-tax earnings of $1,700. Produce gross margins decreased due to a short supply of potatoes this year, which increased the commodity prices and lowered margins compared to the prior year. The combination of closed business locations and operations to be divested generated pre-tax income for the year ended June 30, 2002 of $1,300 compared to a pre-tax loss incurred of $9,700 in the prior year, representing an improvement in pre-tax earnings of $11,000. The remaining CPG businesses experienced a $200 (4%) improvement in pre-tax results for the year ended June 30, 2002, compared to the prior year. ENERGY Energy total sales and revenues of $534,000 in 2002 decreased by $189,900 (26%) compared to total sales and revenue of $723,900 in 2001. Overall sales dollar decreases from liquid product volume were $110,800 (15%). The volume decreases were primarily the result of warmer and milder weather conditions in our primary markets during the heating season (December-March) compared to the prior year. Total degree days (an industry standard measurement unit of temperature used in determining fuel requirements) for the year ended June 30, 2002, decreased 16%, compared to the prior year and resulted in lower sales of heating fuels and propane. The volume decline is also attributable to lower wholesale volumes in power fuels (gasoline and diesel). The mild winter in the Northeast this year and the generally weaker economic conditions compared to the prior year have lowered the demand for power fuels. Finally, as a result of market conditions and a decrease in commodity prices in 2002 compared to the prior year, Energy experienced sales dollar decreases relating to price in its liquid products of $79,100 (11%) in 2002, compared to the prior year. 18  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) ENERGY (CONTINUED) Energy pre-tax earnings of $10,500 in 2002 decreased $9,600 (48%) compared to pre-tax earnings of $20,100 in 2001. Overall gross margin dollars in 2002 decreased $12,100 (6%) over the prior year and were substantially driven by the decrease in sales noted above. Additionally, a decrease in pre-tax earnings for the year ended June 30, 2002, resulted from a $1,500 gain on sale of fixed assets in the prior year with no such gain in the current year. These declines in pre-tax earnings were partially offset by a $4,000 (2%) reduction in total operating expenses in 2002, compared to the prior year. These reductions in operating expenses resulted from lower payroll and contract hauling costs, which in turn resulted from the lower volumes noted above. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS The following discussion represents the operational results of Agway's discontinued operations for fiscal 2002 compared to fiscal 2001. The loss on disposal of these businesses is not included in these discussions but is separately discussed under the heading "Loss on Disposal" below, as well as in Note 3 to the financial statements included in Item 8. (1) Includes the Agronomy, Seedway, and Brubaker Consulting businesses formerly part of the Agriculture business segment. (2) Estimated future operating losses of retail were reported in June 2000 when the retail business was discontinued. There has not been a change in that estimate, so there are no retail operating results in either 2002 or 2001. All sales reported in 2001 represent residual retail sales subsequent to its discontinuance. The column also includes the elimination of intercompany sales and revenues between the discontinued operations components and other pre-tax earnings (loss) impacts of the discontinued operations, principally interest allocated to the net investment in the discontinued operations. LEASING (TELMARK) Leasing total revenues of $90,200 in 2002 increased $4,000 (5%) compared to revenues of $86,200 in 2001. The increase in revenues is mostly due to an increase in average investment in leases and notes, compared to the prior year, partially offset by a lower average income rate on the outstanding portfolio. The average net investment in leases and notes of $736,000 for 2002 increased $44,800 (7%) compared to an average net investment in leases and notes of $691,200 in 2001. Pre-tax earnings from operations of $24,600 for 2002 increased $3,300 (16%) compared to pre-tax earnings of $21,200 in 2001. The 2002 increase in pre-tax earnings was attributable to the increased revenues noted above and a $3,000 (8%) decrease in interest expense in 2002 compared to 2001. The decrease in interest expense is due to lower average interest rates on the outstanding debt compared to the prior year. 19  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) LEASING (TELMARK)(CONTINUED) These increases were partially offset by an increase in selling, general and administrative costs of $3,200 (17%) in 2002 compared to 2001. These increased expenses are the result of higher information services expenses due to costs associated with the implementation of a new lease accounting system, and additional personnel and incentive costs related to overall profitability, retention of business, and profitability of new business. In addition, the provision for credit losses of $10,000 in 2002 increased $500 (5%) compared to $9,500 in 2001. Telmark's allowance for credit losses is based on a periodic review of the collection history of past leases, current credit practices, an analysis of delinquent accounts, and current economic conditions. INSURANCE Agway Insurance Company net revenues of $28,500 in 2002 increased $1,200 (4%) compared to $27,300 in 2001. Net earned premiums improved as sales initiatives created an increase in the number of policies in force and increased premiums per policy. Pre-tax earnings of the Agway Insurance Company of $600 in 2002 decreased $200 (25%) compared to pre-tax earnings of $800 in 2001. The Insurance Company increase in net earned premiums noted above was offset by an increase in claims losses in 2002 compared to 2001, principally the result of a spring 2002 hail storm that resulted in numerous losses being incurred and an increase in selling, general and administrative activities related to the increase in sales volume. SUNFLOWER (OPERATION OF THE COUNTRY PRODUCTS GROUP) The Sunflower operation was previously a component of the Country Products Group segment. Total sales and revenue in 2002 of $47,600 increased $7,200 (18%) compared to total sales and revenues of $40,400 in 2001. The increase in sales was attributable to a $2,900 increase in bird food sales, which resulted from increased promotional efforts and new customers. Additionally, human edible food sales increased $4,500 in 2002 compared to the prior year primarily due to an increase in regular in-shell and kernel sales, as well as increased new bakery products sales. Sunflower's pre-tax earnings of $1,400 in 2002 increased $2,200 compared to a pre-tax loss of $800 in 2001. This increase in pre-tax earnings in 2002 was substantially the result of improved margins. Product margins increased due to a shift in product mix and lower cost of products resulting from lower shrink (ie, unusable or damaged product) in the current year. DISCONTINUED AGRICULTURE COMPONENTS Agronomy, Seedway and Brubaker Consulting services were all previously reported as part of the Agriculture segment. Total sales and revenue of $205,000 in 2002 decreased $56,900 (22%) compared to total sales and revenues of $261,900 in 2001. The overall decrease resulted primarily from decreased sales in Agronomy in 2002 of $56,300 (28%) compared to the prior year. The decline in Agronomy sales resulted from continued industry-wide low commodity pricing of nitrogen products. Additionally, high rainfall in the northern portion of Agway's market territory during the spring 2002 planting season delayed and reduced plantings and the sale of agronomy products such as fertilizers, pesticides and lime. Finally, the overall decline in sales in 2002 is also attributable to closed locations from the Agriculture realignment plan as discussed in Items 1 and 2. The discontinued operations component of Agriculture experienced a pre-tax loss of $7,000 in 2002, which increased $2,300 (49%) from pre-tax loss of $4,700 in 2001. The increase in pre-tax losses is primarily related to the reduced sales in Agronomy noted above and reduced margins on fertilizers, especially urea during the course of the current planting season. 20  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) 2002 LOSS ON DISPOSAL OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS As of June 30, 2002, an estimate of expected loss on sale of the various discontinued operations of the Company was reported. The gross loss totaled $103,200 and consisted of a $71,600 write-down to the estimated fair value of the businesses being sold, a $13,400 recognition of benefit plan curtailment costs, and $18,200 of direct cost relating to the sales transactions. Of the $103,200 total loss estimate related to asset and business sales, only the direct costs of $18,200 represent a future cash cost to the Company. There are other cash costs anticipated in the future related to the planned divestiture of assets and businesses which can only be recognized at the time that the costs are incurred or the transactions are finalized and closed. Examples of such costs can include operating losses to the date of disposal, severance and incentive payments to employees. Our current estimate of the future cash costs to be recognized in future periods for these costs is approximately $4,200. A further description of discontinued operations is included in Note 3 to the financial statements in Item 8. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - 2001 COMPARED WITH 2000 CONSOLIDATED RESULTS Agway's net loss of $8,900 for 2001 reflects a decrease in net loss of $500 (5%) compared to a net loss of $9,400 in 2000. The net loss is reported separately between continuing and discontinued operations. The net loss from continuing operations of $9,500 in 2001 represents a decrease in earnings of $14,500 compared to net earnings from continuing operations of $5,000 in 2000. The net earnings from discontinued operations were $1,600 in 2001, as compared to a net loss of $14,400 in 2000. Finally, the cumulative effect of an accounting change resulted in a net loss of $1,100 in 2001. The $14,500 decrease in earnings from continuing operations is made up of a $28,400 decrease in pre-tax earnings offset by a $13,900 decrease in tax expense. The decrease in pre-tax earnings consists of operating improvements in certain business operations of $11,900 (see business segment discussion below) that were offset by $12,200 in operating losses and costs associated with the realignment and/or shutdown and exit from certain business activities in our Agriculture ($3,300) and Country Products Group ($8,900) segments. Gains in fiscal 2000 of $17,900 from the sale of 6 Energy pipeline terminal storage facilities ($12,900) and a negotiated settlement of prior years' cost ($5,000) in Agriculture's operations were unique to that year and were not repeated in 2001. Finally, corporate costs increased $10,200, substantially due to higher interest costs from higher average debt balances combined with a slightly higher average interest rate during 2001 as compared to 2000. Additionally, a decline in the amount of pension income recognized in continuing operations occurred during 2001 due to the transition asset being fully amortized during 2000. Consolidated net sales and revenues from continuing operations of $1,134,700 increased $152,300 (16%) compared to consolidated net sales and revenues of $982,400 in 2000. The increase was substantially the result of increased sales in the Energy segment. The increase in Energy was principally due to increases in the cost of petroleum products over the prior year combined with an increase in volume. Sales also increased in 2001 from increased sales from Energy's heating, ventilation and air-conditioning (HVAC) installation and service sales and growth in electric and natural gas marketing sales; an increase in CPG's continuing produce operations; and an increase in Agriculture's heifer rearing services. These improvements were partially offset by sales declines in Agriculture's Feed operations, substantially due to the result of the planned exiting from the direct marketing of grains. Consolidated operating expenses from continuing operations of $1,138,600 in 2001 increased $153,800 (16%) compared to consolidated operating expenses of $984,800 in 2000. The increase in operating expense was substantially due to increased cost of products and plant operations of $142,300 (16%), the increase in Energy's product costs noted above, and increased selling, general and administrative activities of $11,500 (16%), principally in CPG and Corporate in each case compared to the prior year. 21  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) CONSOLIDATED RESULTS (CONTINUED) Net interest expense from continuing operations of $18,700 increased $6,000 (23%) in 2001 compared to net interest expense of $12,700 in 2000. Average borrowing levels were higher in 2001 compared to 2000, the average interest rate increased slightly, and debt fees were higher in 2001 compared to 2000, which drove the increase in interest expense. As noted in Note 3 of the financial statements, interest expense from continuing operations is net of interest expense that has been allocated to the operating results of discontinued operations and totaled approximately $11,000 in 2001 and $10,700 in 2000. Net interest costs for all Agway operations (continuing and discontinued) totaled $37,600 in 2001 and $30,600 in 2000. Other income, net, from continuing operations of $3,400 decreased $20,900 (86%) in 2001 compared to other income, net, of $24,300 in 2000. Total impairment losses recorded in 2001 totaled $4,400 compared to $0 in 2000. Additionally, other income in 2000 included a $12,900 gain from the sale of six Energy pipeline terminal storage facilities and $5,000 from a negotiated settlement in Agriculture of amounts due the Company on claims from prior years' business activity, which were unique to that year and were not repeated in 2001. Income tax benefit from continuing operations of $9,700 in 2001 compared to a tax expense of $4,200 in 2000 results in effective tax rates of (49.8%) and 45.5%, respectively. Effective July 1, 2001, Agway simplified its corporate structure by merging AFC, AHI, and Milford Fertilizer Company LLC into Agway Inc. The change in net deferred tax liabilities reflects the expected future tax rate from this structure. Additionally, adjustment to prior years' tax liabilities and a valuation allowance had an impact on the effective rate. AGRICULTURE Total Agriculture sales and revenue of $253,000 in 2001 decreased $4,400 (2%) compared to sales and revenues of $257,400 in 2000. The overall decrease in sales in 2001 was from a $4,000 decrease in sales in the feed business, which included a $4,800 (100%) decrease in the direct marketing of grains, and a $2,700 (12%) decrease in sales in the Agriculture farm stores. The decreases in sales were partially offset by a $2,700 (212%) increase in sales in the tested specific-pathogen free (TSPF) heifer-rearing services. The TSPF heifer- rearing service sales increased due to the continued growth of utilization of the heifer-rearing facilities during 2001. The decline in the direct marketing of grains in 2001 compared to 2000 was the result of the planned exiting from the direct marketing of grains during the second half of 2000. The Feed operations experienced growth in sales in the bagged feed and ongoing feed mill operations as a result of a refocused marketing and sales strategies. These increases to feed sales were offset by a loss in feed sales as a result of the actual or impending closure of several feed locations as part of the Agriculture Plan realignment. Agriculture pre-tax loss of $14,100 in 2001 increased $6,900 (95%) compared to a $7,200 pre-tax loss in 2000. The $14,100 loss in 2001 includes $1,600 in costs associated with the Agriculture Plan (as further described in Note 13 to the financial statements), $1,700 in asset impairment charges related to select business activities with inadequate projected future cash flows, and $10,800 in losses from ongoing operations. The $7,200 loss in 2000 included a $5,000 gain from a negotiated settlement (with no corresponding gain included in the 2001 results), a $1,900 cost from the final exiting of the grain marketing business, and $10,300 in losses from ongoing operations. The losses from ongoing operations increased slightly from $10,300 in 2000 to $10,800 in 2001. COUNTRY PRODUCTS GROUP Country Products Group (CPG) total sales and revenue of $162,400 in 2001 increased $3,000 (2%) compared to total sales and revenues of $159,400 in 2000. The continuing produce operations sales increased $2,800 (2%) in 2001 compared to 2000 due to increased volumes in various product lines and sales to new customers. Other operating units of CPG increased sales by $1,800 (100%) in 2001 compared to 2000 primarily from the commercial sale of Optigen(TM) 1200, a controlled- release nitrogen feed product, which was not available until the second quarter of 2000. 22  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) COUNTRY PRODUCTS GROUP (CONTINUED) The sales increases noted above were partially offset by a net $1,600 (4%) decrease in sales from the sale or shutdown of certain CPG operations. The sales decrease due to sold or shutdown operations resulted from the sale of a pastry flour mill in the fourth quarter of 2000, which decreased sales in 2001 by $4,800, and the shutdown of a number of other smaller operations reduced sales $1,000 (23%) in 2001 compared to 2000. These decreases in sales were partially offset by a $4,200 (21%) increase in sales at the Texas produce operations, which was shut down shortly after the fiscal 2001 year-end. Total CPG sales that related to operations that have been sold or exited totaled $33,700 (or 21% of total segment sales) in 2001 and $35,300 (or 22% of total segment sales ) in 2000. CPG pre-tax loss of $13,200 in 2001 is a $10,200 (340%) increase in pre-tax loss compared to a pre-tax loss of $3,000 in 2000. The increased loss is primarily due to operating losses from discontinued businesses, costs of business shutdowns, and loss of earnings from sold businesses, which , when combined, increased pre-tax loss by $8,900 in 2001 as compared to 2000. The largest components of this impact were from the operating losses and costs of business shutdown, including asset impairment, relating to the Texas produce operation and the bean operation in 2001. In contrast, CPG had operating revenues and a gain on the sale of the flour mill in 2000. CPG's continuing operations experienced an increased loss of $1,300 (128%) in 2001 compared to 2000. Overall administrative costs have increased principally from increased interest costs. ENERGY Energy total sales and revenue of $723,900 in 2001 increased $147,900 (26%) compared to total sales and revenue of $576,000 in 2000. The overall sales dollar increase was primarily due to volume and price increases related to liquid products. Sales dollar increases attributable to increase in liquid product volume were $11,200 during 2001 (a 2% increase over 2000), while overall sales dollar increases attributable to price increases in liquid products were $114,100 for 2001 (a 19% increase over 2000). Volume increases of $21,000 (8%) were experienced in the retail and wholesale sales of heating oil and propane, which are a result of colder winter weather in the Northeast in 2001 as compared to 2000. These volume increases were partially offset by a $9,800 (4%) decrease in volume of power fuels, principally gasoline, in 2001 as compared to 2000. A combination of increased price competition at our gas stations and lower contracted commercial gasoline sales caused the volume declines. The price increases resulted from the petroleum industry continuing to experience significantly higher pricing of product in 2001 as compared to the prior year, primarily due to pressure on global supply of products. Additionally, sales increases in 2001 of $18,600 (96%) as compared to 2000 resulted from the continued sales growth in the electric and natural gas marketing business. Finally, continued growth of revenues in heating, ventilation and air-conditioning installation and service increased sales in 2001 by $4,000 (7%). Energy pre-tax earnings of $20,100 in 2001 decreased $1,900 (9%) compared to pre-tax earnings of $22,000 in 2000. The pre-tax earnings in 2001 include $16,500 from operating results and $3,600 of other revenues, while pre-tax earnings in 2000 included $4,800 from operating results and $17,200 from other revenue. The improvement in operating results includes a $17,400 (10%) increase in gross margin, offset by a $5,500 (3%) increase in operating expense. The gross margins were driven by product volume increases and improved margins. The operating expense increases are a result of distribution costs from the increased volume of delivered products and an increase in 2001 in management and employee incentives from the improved operating results in 2001 as compared to 2000. Finally, other revenue decreased $13,600 in 2001 as compared to 2000 substantially because Energy recognized a gain of $12,900 on sale of six pipeline terminal storage facilities in 2000. 23  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS The following discussion represents the operational results of Agway's discontinued operations for fiscal 2001 compared to 2000. (1) Includes the Agronomy, Seedway, and Brubaker Consulting businesses formerly part of the Agriculture business segment. (2) Estimated future operating losses of retail were reported in June 2000 when the retail business was discontinued. There has not been a change in that estimate, so there are no retail operating results in 2001. All sales in this column were generated from the retail business. The column also includes the elimination of intercompany sales and revenues between the discontinued operations components and other pre-tax impacts of the discontinued operations, principally interest allocated to the net investment in the discontinued operations. LEASING (TELMARK) Leasing total revenues of $86,200 in 2001 increased $9,400 (12%) compared to revenues of $76,800 in 2000. The increase is primarily due to a higher average investment in leases and notes, which was partially offset by a lower income rate on new and replacement leases and notes. Telmark's average net investment in leases and notes increased $76,800 (13%) in 2001 compared to 2000. Pre-tax earnings from operations of $21,200 for 2001 increased $1,100 (6%) compared to pre-tax earnings of $20,100 in 2000. The increase in pre-tax earnings is due primarily to the total revenue increases noted above, which were partially offset by an increase in total expenses of $8,200 (14%) in 2001 compared to 2000. The increase in total expenses was substantially due to a $5,400 (17%) increase in interest expense, a $1,600 (20%) increase in provision for credit losses, and a $1,200 (7%) increase in selling, general and administrative (SGA) expenses. The increase in interest expense is due to a $71,300 (15%) increase in the average amount of debt required to finance the increase in the lease portfolio, combined with higher interest rates on new and replacement debt, compared to the prior year. Telmark's allowance for credit losses is based on a periodic review of the collection history of past leases, current credit practices, an analysis of delinquent accounts, and current economic conditions. The increase in provision for credit losses from $7,900 to $9,500 is based on an analysis of the allowance required to provide for uncollectible receivables, and the allowance has been established at a level management believes is sufficient to cover estimated losses in the portfolio. At June 2001, the allowance for credit losses was $35,500 compared to $32,500 at June 2000. During 2001 and 2000, the total value of non-earning accounts increased from $6,000 in 2000 to $6,400 in 2001 and as a percentage of lease portfolio remained at 0.9% for both years. The increase in SGA expense is principally due to additional personnel and incentive costs, paid to certain employees relating to overall profitability, retention of business, and profitability of new business. 24  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) AGWAY INSURANCE COMPANY Agway Insurance Company net revenues of $27,300 in 2001 increased $900 (3%) compared to net revenues of $26,300 in 2000. The increase was in net earned premiums as sales initiatives caused the increase in net premiums in 2001 over 2000. The Agway Insurance Company experienced pre-tax earnings of $800 in 2001, which increased $200 (33%) compared to pre-tax earnings of $600 in 2000. The Insurance Company increase in net earned premiums noted above and an increase in non-operating revenues were partially offset by an increase of $1,300 in claims losses during 2001 compared to 2000 as a result of numerous claims from the heavy winter snows in the Northeast and an above average number of farm fires reported during 2001. SUNFLOWER (OPERATION OF COUNTRY PRODUCTS GROUP) The Sunflower operation was previously a component of the Country Products Group. Total sales and revenue of $40,400 decreased $2,200 (5%) compared to sales and revenues of $42,600 in 2000. The decline in sunflower seed sales is a result of a poor sunflower seed crop that adversely impacted the sunflower seed product sales during the first quarter of 2001 and for the remainder of 2001 is a result of a combination of lower product demand, low commodity pricing, and lost sales due to international pricing competition. Sunflower's pre-tax loss of $800 increased $900 compared to pre-tax earnings of $100 in 2000.The increased loss was driven by lower margins as a result of a combination of higher product cost from the prior year carryover crop and lower product demand, excess industry capacity, and international competition, as noted above, which has suppressed margins. DISCONTINUED AGRICULTURE COMPONENTS Agronomy, Seedway, and Brubaker Consulting Services were all previously reported as part of the Agriculture segment. Total sales of these discontinued operations of $261,900 in 2001 increased $23,600 (10%) compared to total sales of $238,300 in 2000. The $220,200 increase is primarily attributable to $18,200 increased sales and revenue in the Agronomy business to $220,200 in 2001 compared to $211,900 in 2000. The sales increase in the Agronomy operations was partly related to the weather-related delay in the spring 2000 plantings. The delay resulted in the sale of agronomy products such as fertilizer, crop protectants, and lime (which normally would have occurred in the fourth quarter of 2000) occurring in the first quarter of 2001. Additionally, the Agronomy sales increase in 2001 was due in part to an increase in pricing of certain products, such as liquid nitrogen and urea, where the underlying product costs increased in 2001.These factors increased the sales price of these products. Agriculture's discontinued components incurred a pre-tax loss of $4,700 in 2001, a decrease of $1,600 (25%) compared to the $6,300 pre-tax loss in 2000. The reduction in losses in 2001 is substantially due to improved Agronomy results of $4,100, principally from improved planting conditions in the spring of 2001 compared to 2000 combined with the weather related delay in the spring 2000 plantings noted above. These improvements were partially offset by a pre-tax loss in Seedway of $1,000 for June 30, 2001, compared to pre-tax earnings of $100 in the prior year. As disclosed in the Business and Properties section (Items 1 and 2), Agway discontinued the operation of our retail services business in 2000. As of June 2000, Agway reflected in its financial results both the loss from operations during 2000 as well as an estimate of the net loss on the ultimate disposal of the retail services business. During fiscal 2000 and 2001, as reflected in Note 3 of the financial statements, we executed our plans to discontinue the retail services business and no adjustment to the estimated net loss on disposal established as of the June 20, 2000 measurement date was required. 25 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) FINANCIAL CONDITION LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES As discussed in more detail below, due to the Company's projected level of cash from operations and the status of its previously announced plan to divest certain of its businesses, the Company determined that it would have difficulty in satisfying its anticipated short-term and long-term liquidity needs. To address this issue, the Company has generally reached agreement of terms of a Debtor-in-Possession financing with its current lender group and intends to file for an order of protection under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code on October 1, 2002. The objective of the anticipated Chapter 11 proceeding is to allow the Company to continue operating its businesses without interruption while it reorganizes its businesses and financial obligations. The Debtor-in-Possession financing, which will be subject to the approval of the bankruptcy court, is intended to replace the Company's existing Senior Debt. The factors that resulted in this decision by the Company and the anticipated impact of the Chapter 11 proceeding are discussed under Anticipated Chapter 11 Proceeding; Debtor-in- Possession Financing below. During the year ended June 2002, cash flow from current period operations, from reduced working capital needs, and from sale of assets decreased bank borrowings by $27,458, decreased subordinated debentures outstanding by $23,972, reduced capital lease obligations by $5,108, redeemed preferred stock totaling $5,578, and paid dividends of $2,874. These significant reductions in cash obligations during 2002 were possible despite the net loss reported for the Company. The 2002 net loss includes significant valuation allowances for businesses held for sale and other assets that do not represent current or future cash costs to the Company. During the years ended June 2001 and 2000, cash generated from sale of discontinued operations, from sale of assets, and from external borrowings was Agway's major source of funds to finance increased working capital needs, capital improvements, redemption of stock, and shareholder dividends. CASH FLOWS FROM CONTINUING OPERATING ACTIVITIES Cash flows from continuing operations generated cash flow in 2002 of $62,700 but required the use of cash of $13,400 and $55,000 in 2001 and 2000, respectively. The fluctuations in continuing operations cash flows are substantially the result of fluctuations in the cash required to fund working capital. Due to the commodity nature of our Energy and Agriculture businesses, inventory and receivables are significantly impacted by changes in commodity costs. Additionally, volume swings in our Energy business resulting from weather conditions also impact working capital requirements. CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS Capital expenditures and business acquisitions required cash of $7,800, $16,100 and $23,900 for 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. Cash flow used in investing was partially funded by cash generated from investing activities, principally the proceeds from the disposal of businesses and/or property and equipment, which amounted to a total of $7,500, $12,900 and $20,900 in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. 26  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS The net cash from operating activities in 2002 noted above was used to reduce the financing obligations of the Company, principally a reduction in short-term notes payable and net redemptions of subordinated debentures. Cash generated by the sale of assets, net of liabilities and operating results of the discontinued retail business, was approximately $28,900 in 2001 and $41,000 in 2000. In 2001, cash generated from retail net asset sales, plus the $19,100 reduction in cash balance and net borrowing in subordinated debt, provided the cash to support the increase in working capital and reduction in short-term notes payable. In 2000, the cash generated from retail net asset sales and borrowings under short-term notes payable funded the increase in cash and working capital as well as the net reduction in outstanding subordinated debt. The following details the Company's current financing activities: Agway Senior Debt As of June 30, 2002, Agway had available under its Senior Debt program (described below) a $150,000 short-term line of credit, up to $35,000 of which can be used for letters of credit. This line was decreased to $125,000 after June 30, 2002, as further discussed below, and is subject to further limitations based on the "collateral borrowing base." Also as discussed below, it is expected that the Senior Debt will be replaced by the Debtor - in - Possession financing. See Anticipated Chapter 11 proceeding; Debtor - in - Possession Financing below. At June 30, 2002, letters of credit issued, primarily to back Agway insurance programs, totaled approximately $23,800. At June 30, 2002, Agway's short-term borrowings from this line of credit were $34,180. The Agway Senior Debt, as in effect at June 30, 2002, is a syndicated three-year asset-based revolving line of credit for up to $150,000 pursuant to the terms of a credit agreement dated March 28, 2001 (as amended) between Agway, certain of its subsidiaries and a syndicated group of lenders (the Credit Agreement). That line of credit is collateralized by a variety of our assets, including the outstanding limited liability Company membership interest of Telmark. Interest rates are determined, at the option of Agway, as either prime rate plus 2.5% or the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus 4%. As of June 30, 2002, the amount available to Agway under this asset-based line of credit is the lesser of the "collateral borrowing base" or the $150,000 upper limit of the line of credit. The collateral borrowing base consists of certain of Agway's eligible accounts receivable and inventory (as defined under the Credit Agreement). Certain covenants and conditions of the Credit Agreement, as more fully discussed below, restrict the use of funds and reduce the practical availability of financing under the agreement as of June 30, 2002, by $25,000 to a maximum of $125,000 or, if lower, to $25,000 less than the collateral borrowing base. As of June 30, 2002, the collateral borrowing base was $115,200, which adequately supported Agway's credit needs which totaled $58,100 as of that date. Subsequent to June 30, 2002, we sold Agway Insurance Company and the Sunflower division of our CPG segment for combined gross proceeds of approximately $42,500. The Credit Agreement was amended (fourth and fifth amendments, respectively) in connection with the release of collateral to permit those sales. The combined effect of these amendments was to reduce the commitment level from $150,000 to $125,000 and to require a $25,000 minimum excess availability of collateral, which effectively reduced the facility to the lower of $100,000 or $25,000 less than the available collateral borrowing base. We anticipate that this availability is adequate for our immediate operating needs. However, as discussed below, we expect to replace the Senior Debt with Debtor-in-Possession financing. The Credit Agreement has a number of financial covenants which restrict our capital spending and require us to maintain minimum levels of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA), as defined in the Credit Agreement, and minimum ratios of EBITDA to fixed charges and interest on senior debt. The Credit Agreement has been amended three times in response to violations of financial covenants. In connection with those amendments, those violations were waived. As of June 30, 2002, the Company has complied with all covenants contained in its borrowing agreements. Earnings through September 30, 2002, are not likely to satisfy the financial covenants of the Credit Agreement. If we violate those covenants, the lenders would be under no obligation to waive any such violations. The Credit Agreement also requires a minimum outstanding balance of preferred stock, subordinated debt, and certain debt of a subsidiary. That minimum outstanding balance requirement ranges from $440,000 to $450,000 throughout the year. This minimum amount of capital we must maintain is referred to as the Minimum Capital. As of June 30, 2002, the amount of capital that applied towards the Minimum Capital requirement was $458,500 (see discussion below regarding Minimum Capital). 27  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) Agway Senior Debt (continued) Other conditions of the Credit Agreement prevent us, in certain circumstances, from using funds we borrow under the Credit Agreement to pay interest or dividends on, or repurchase or repay principal of, our subordinated debt or preferred stock. Effective June 14, 2002, we stopped the voluntary repurchase or repayment of our subordinated debt and preferred stock. Consequently, the present effect of these restrictions is on our ability to pay interest or dividends or principal on maturing debt securities. To avoid these use restrictions, the Credit Agreement as of June 30, 2002 required us to have a minimum excess borrowing capacity as defined in the agreement (collateral borrowing base in excess of outstanding amounts borrowed) of at least $20,000 if we are not in default under the Credit Agreement. If we are in default under the Credit Agreement, to avoid these use restrictions, the minimum excess borrowing capacity we must maintain (collateral borrowing base in excess of outstanding amounts borrowed) increases to $25,000. Further, if we are in default under the Credit Agreement, we are subject to these use restrictions if: (a) we default on our payment of principal, interest or other amounts due to the lenders under the Credit Agreement; (b) we fail to maintain the cash management procedures we agree to with the lenders under the Credit Agreement; (c) we do not maintain the Minimum Capital balance of $440,000 to $450,000; or (d) the agent under the Credit Agreement provides us with a written notice that such payments are no longer permitted. Based on expected cash flow from our business operations, the cash generated from asset sales to date, and the uncertainty of both the amount and timing of cash from sales of business operations to come, it is neither certain nor likely that we will satisfy our financial covenants as of September 30, 2002 or will have generated sufficient cash to pay out our November 1, 2002, maturity of subordinated debt of $33,100 or meet the future interest requirements on Agway Inc. unsecured debt or to pay dividends on Agway Inc. preferred stock. Because of this cash flow insufficiency, the probable inability to satisfy the financial covenants of the Credit Agreement, and other liquidity concerns described more fully below, we have generally reached agreement of terms of a Debtor- in-Possession financing arrangement with our present senior lender group to replace the Senior Debt and we intend to commence a proceeding under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code on October 1, 2002, for Agway Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries. This Debtor-in-Possession credit facility will be subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court. See Anticipated Chapter 11 Proceeding; Debtor-in-Possession Financing below. Long-Term Debt Sources of longer-term financing at June 30, 2002, include the following: 28  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) Agway Subordinated Debt Agway registers with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to offer debentures and money market certificates to the public. As noted below, the Company is not currently offering subordinated debt to the public. The debentures are unsecured and subordinated to all senior debt of Agway. The Agway subordinated debt bears interest payable semiannually on January 1 and July 1 of each year. The interest rates of Agway's money market certificates are at the greater of the stated rate or a rate based upon an average discount rate for U.S. Government Treasury Bills, with maturities of 26 weeks. Agway's subordinated debt is not redeemable by the holder. Effective June 14, 2002, the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Agway determined to suspend the Company's historic practice of repurchasing, at face value, eligible Agway Inc. subordinated debentures prior to maturity and Agway Inc. preferred stock when presented for repurchase. As disclosed in the Company's periodic reports and the prospectuses relating to the sale of those securities, the Company was under no obligation to repurchase such securities, retained the right to stop or suspend this practice at any time, and could be required to stop or suspend this practice if the conditions of the Credit Agreement were not satisfied. The primary reason for the Board's decision to suspend the Company's repurchase of eligible Agway Inc. subordinated debentures and Agway Inc. preferred stock was to preserve the Company's liquidity during the implementation phase of its planned divestiture of certain business operations, as discussed above in Note 3, and to provide the Company with greater flexibility in the event those divestitures did not go as planned. In addition, because the Company is not currently actively raising capital through new sales of securities, the Board determined that suspending the Company's repurchase practice would become necessary in the near future in order to allow the Company to satisfy the Minimum Capital requirement under the Credit Agreement. As of June 30, 2002, the Minimum Capital requirement was $450,000; at that time, the Company had $458,500 of preferred stock, subordinated debentures and other interest bearing debt outstanding. On November 1, 2002, $33,100 of subordinated money market certificate obligations of Agway (previously issued by AFC and assumed by Agway) will mature. To date, sufficient cash has not been generated from our operation or from sale of businesses from our current restructuring plan to provide us with the funds we would need to pay that maturity. In addition, without amendment to the existing Credit Agreement, payment of that maturity would be precluded since it would constitute a default of the Minimum Capital requirement in the Credit Agreement. Because the Company is no longer offering securities to the public, and because we have not generated sufficient cash from the sale of businesses, there is currently no basis for such amendment  or a waiver from our lenders. Surety Liquidity Risk In July 2002, our surety provider issued cancellation notices relative to $23,900 of surety bonds supporting our insurance programs. This has no impact on our insurance coverage, but it does give our insurance carriers the right to demand payment of the collateral amount provided by the bonds from the issuer of the bonds. If our surety provider chooses to pay cash to our insurers rather than reissue bonds, our surety would have a right to demand cash payment from us. Because of the cancellation notices issued, our insurers have a right to make demand on our surety provider for $4,625 starting late September and for $6,000 starting late October. We dispute the right of the surety provider to cancel the remaining $13,275 at this time but recognize their right to cancel coverage in the spring of 2003 at the scheduled renewal dates. It is unlikely we would meet those demands and still have cash availability sufficient to meet our operating needs. If we were unable to pay, it would constitute a default under our Credit Agreement. 29  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) Anticipated Chapter 11 Proceeding; Debtor-in-Possession Financing The Company and certain of its subsidiaries intend to file voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. Those filings are designed to allow the Company to continue operating its businesses without interruption while it takes steps necessary to reorganize its financial obligations and strengthen its balance sheet. The petitions for Agway Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries will include Agway Feed and Nutrition, Agway Agronomy, Seedway, Feed Commodities International, Country Best Produce, CPG Nutrients, Agway CPG Technologies and Agway General Agency. These petitions are expected to be filed with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of New York in Utica, New York, on October 1, 2002. Four wholly owned Agway Inc. subsidiaries WILL NOT be included in the Chapter 11 filings: Agway Energy Products LLC, Agway Energy Services, Inc., Agway Energy Services-PA, Inc. and Telmark LLC. In connection with the intended Chapter 11 filing, the Company has generally reached agreement of terms of an 18-month, $125,000 Debtor-in-Possession credit facility (the "DIP Financing") to replace the existing Senior Debt. The DIP Financing contemplates the completion of certain asset sales that are presently under negotiation and, together with the proceeds from those sales, is expected to provide the Company with adequate cash resources to meet its operating requirements during the Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceeding. The DIP Financing is subject to the approval of the Bankruptcy Court. The Company's Board of Directors believes that the Chapter 11 filing is the best and most realistic option for the Company at this time. The Company intends to develop a longer- term strategic plan of reorganization that will serve as a framework for its emergence from the Chapter 11 process as a financially stronger enterprise. A number of factors and events led to this decision by the Board. The Company's business is substantially dependent upon the health of the agricultural sector; persistent weakness in that sector has contributed to the Company's losses in recent periods, and the Company as a whole has not been generating the cash it needs to support the level of debt the Company is carrying. Those losses, in turn, have caused the Company to violate the financial covenants in its Credit Agreement on a number of occasions. Although those violations were waived and certain of the covenants were modified, the Company believes that future violations are possible and perhaps likely. If such future violations occur, the Company's lenders would be under no obligation to waive those violations, which would adversely affect the Company's ability to borrow under that agreement and could result in additional liquidity problems. To address these concerns, in March 2002 the Company approved a restructuring plan designed to generate proceeds from the sale of certain businesses that could be used to satisfy the Company's operating needs and reduce its overall level of debt. While the restructuring plan the Company put into place last March has met with some success, the sales of Agway businesses envisioned in that plan have proceeded more slowly than anticipated. In particular, based on the level of interest expressed by potential buyers, the Company reasonably expected that a sale of Telmark could be accomplished by the end of June 2002; however, as discussed in more detail below, that sale did not occur as expected. Once the restructuring plan was approved, Agway was required to treat the businesses identified for divestiture as "discontinued operations" and to restate its financial statements to reflect those discontinued operations. Accordingly, at the time of the announcement, the Company temporarily suspended actively raising capital under its securities program until the restated financial information reflecting the expected impact of the restructuring on the Company was filed. 30  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) Anticipated Chapter 11 Proceeding; Debtor-in-Possession Financing (continued) Although the restated financial information was filed in May 2002 and the Company was planning to recommence active capital raising efforts, the Company determined to refrain from those efforts until a definitive agreement for the sale of Telmark, which was in the final stages of negotiation, had been executed. Shortly thereafter, the form of a definitive agreement for the sale of Telmark was submitted for approval to the respective boards of directors of the Company and the potential buyer. The Company's board approved the agreement; however, the Company was thereafter informed that the board of directors of the potential buyer did not approve the transaction. Negotiations with that potential buyer were terminated and the Company was required to start the sale process over again. Based on this unexpected occurrence and the uncertainty it caused, the Company chose not to reopen its active capital raising efforts until it made further progress on its restructuring plan. As a result, it no longer had the benefit of its securities program as a source of new capital. On June 17, 2002, the Company announced that it was suspending its voluntary practice of repurchasing certain securities when presented for repurchase by the holders thereof in order to preserve its liquidity and give it greater flexibility in the event the planned divestitures did not go as planned. In addition, because the Company was not actively raising new capital though its securities program, the Company expected that it would have had to suspend the repurchase practice in the near future because it was in danger of violating the Minimum Capital requirement under its Credit Agreement. As noted above, based on the current level of cash flow from operations and the status of the planned divestitures, it is neither certain nor likely that the Company will satisfy its financial covenants as of September 30, 2002 or generate sufficient cash to satisfy the November 1, 2002 maturity of $33,100 of subordinated debt. Even if the Company has funds in an amount sufficient to pay that maturity, such payment would cause the Company to violate the Minimum Capital requirement in the Credit Agreement, which could adversely impact the Company's ability to borrow under that agreement and cause additional liquidity problems. In addition, without further asset sales, the Company does not expect to have sufficient funds to pay interest and dividends on its securities and/or satisfy any demands of its surety provider in connection with the cancellation notice described above and still have cash availability sufficient to meet its operating needs. A failure to satisfy those obligations could result in an additional default under the Credit Agreement. In view of the foregoing, the Company believes the Chapter 11 procedure is the most realistic option available to it at this time. 31  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) DISCONTINUED OPERATING ACTIVITIES Sunflower, Agronomy, and Retail operating activities are supported by the Agway Inc. financing arrangements described above under continuing operations and are considered in continuing operations comments relative to estimated future operating cash flows and financing needs. The sale of assets, net of liabilities of the discontinued retail business, generated net cash flow of approximately $28,900 in 2001 and $41,000 in 2000. The sunflower operation was sold on September 16, 2002, for approximately $19,700 net proceeds to Agway Inc. after considering related costs associated with the transaction. Insurance and Leasing are separate subsidiaries that are independently financed. The Agway Insurance Company was sold on August 28, 2002, for approximately $18,100 net proceeds to Agway Inc. after considering related costs associated with the transaction. Telmark will continue to operate separately and be separately financed as it has been in the past and WILL NOT be part of the Agway Inc. voluntary bankruptcy proceeding discussed above. Telmark, the Company's leasing business, supports a net lease receivable portfolio of $716,800. Telmark has historically generated and is expected to continue to generate ample earnings and cash flow to meet its debt service requirements. Telmark has principally financed its operations, including the growth of its lease portfolio, through borrowings under its lines of credit, private placements of debt with institutional investors, other term debt, subordinated debentures, lease- backed notes, principal collections on leases and cash provided from operations. Under Telmark's financing arrangements, dividends and distributions that may be made to Agway are limited in amount; those limitations vary according to the level of Telmark's earnings. Virtually all of the cash flows from operations have historically been invested in growth of the lease portfolio and repayment of debt. In addition, Telmark made distributions to Agway of $5,000 and $10,000 in 2000 and 2002, respectively. At June 30, 2002, Telmark borrowings under lines of credit, term debt and subordinated debentures consisted of the following: Lines of Credit and Revolving Loans As of June 30, 2002, Telmark has credit facilities available from banks which allow it to borrow up to an aggregate of $429,300. Uncommitted short-term line of credit agreements permit borrowing up to $54,300 on an unsecured basis with interest paid upon maturity. The lines bear interest at money market variable rates. Committed partially collateralized revolving loan facilities totaling $375,000 permit Telmark to draw short-term funds bearing interest at money market rates or draw long-term debt at rates appropriate for the term of the note drawn. The total amount outstanding as of June 30, 2002, under the short-term lines of credit and the revolving term loan facility was $51,300 and $328,000, respectively. 32  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) DISCONTINUED OPERATING ACTIVITIES (CONTINUED) Lines of Credit and Revolving Loans (continued) Telmark borrows under its short-term line of credit agreements and its revolving term agreement from time to time to fund its operations. Short-term debt serves as interim financing between the issuances of long-term debt. In addition, in consideration of the potential sale of the business, management made a decision to use short-term debt through a potential closing date instead of pursuing an issuance of additional long-term debt. In May 2002, after lengthy negotiations, Agway and a potential buyer were unable to reach final agreement on a sale of Telmark. Accordingly, Telmark decided to issue additional senior notes to insurance companies. On August 1, 2002, Telmark issued $100,000 of unsecured senior notes to insurance companies. Proceeds of these notes were used to pay down the revolving term loan facility, increasing the availability under the lines of credit and revolving loans discussed above. Telmark normally renews its lines of credit annually. However, since the previously mentioned announcement of Agway's intention to pursue the sale of Telmark, continuing lenders under the uncommitted short-term lines have shortened their renewal periods to expire in six months or less. Of the $54,300 total lines, on June 30, 2002, $39,300 presently expire December 31, 2002 and $15,000 expire October 31, 2002. Due to uncertainty related to the reported financial condition of Agway Inc., at the request of two banks, Telmark has paid down all amounts outstanding on the $15,000 line, which Telmark expects will not renew in October 2002, and has paid down $2,000 on a $6,000 line, which is scheduled to expire in December 2002. The $300,000 portion of the revolving loan facility is available through December 31, 2002. In September 2002, the bank extended $50,000 of the $75,000 remaining revolving term facility to December 31, 2002. This combined $350,000 revolving term facility by itself is expected to be adequate to meet Telmark's needs through December 31, 2002. Telmark is currently negotiating with its lenders regarding extension of its various lines of credit. The ongoing availability of adequate financing to maintain the size of its portfolio and to permit lease portfolio growth is key to Telmark's continuing profitability and stability. Telmark has been successful in arranging its past financing needs. Management conducts ongoing discussions and negotiations with existing and potential lenders for future financing needs. Telmark believes that its current financial arrangements are adequate to meet its immediate operating requirements and that its bank support will continue to be adequate to meet its foreseeable needs as Telmark goes through this period of transition in ownership. There can be no assurance, however, that Telmark will be able to obtain future financing in amounts, or on terms, that are favorable to Telmark. Telmark's inability to obtain adequate financing would have a material adverse effect on its operations. Unsecured Notes Payable to Insurance Companies At June 30, 2002, Telmark had balances outstanding on unsecured senior note private placements totaling $106,677. Interest is payable semiannually on each senior note. Principal payments are both semiannual and annual. The note agreements are similar to each other and each contains specific financial covenants. For the year ended June 30, 2002, Telmark has complied with all covenants contained in its borrowing agreements. Lease-Backed Notes Payable to Insurance Companies Telmark has issued lease- backed notes, through two wholly owned, fully consolidated, special purpose funding subsidiaries. The total outstanding under Telmark Lease Funding II, LLC and Telmark Lease Funding III, LLC was $13,128 and $39,781, respectively, as of June 2002. Subordinated Debentures In anticipation of the possible sale of Telmark, effective as of March 6, 2002, Telmark ceased issuing debentures to the public, other than pursuant to the interest reinvestment option of the debentures. Under that option, debenture holders may elect to receive interest on debentures either in cash or in the form of additional principal on the debentures. However, once a debenture reaches maturity, the holder will not be permitted to invest the proceeds in additional debentures. 33  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) OTHER MATTERS ENVIRONMENTAL ISSUES We are subject to various laws and governmental regulations concerning environmental matters. We expect to be required to expend funds to participate in the remediation of certain sites, including sites where we have been designated by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) as a potentially responsible party (PRP) under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA) and at sites with underground fuel storage tanks. We will also incur other expenses associated with environmental compliance. We are designated as a PRP under CERCLA or as a third party by the original PRPs in several Superfund sites. The liability under CERCLA is joint and several, meaning that we could be required to pay in excess of our pro rata share of remediation costs. As a result of the use and handling of hazardous substances in our normal operations, an unexpected environmental event or significant changes in environmental compliance requirements could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We continually monitor our operations with respect to potential environmental issues, including changes in legal requirements and remediation technologies. Our recorded liability in our financial statements reflects those specific issues where we think remediation activities are likely and where we can estimate the cost of remediation. Estimating the extent of our responsibility for a particular site and the method and ultimate cost of remediation of that site require that we make a number of assumptions. As a result, the ultimate outcome of remediation of a site may differ from our estimates. However, we believe that our past experience provides us with a reasonable basis for estimating our liability. When we receive additional information, we adjust our estimates as necessary. While we do not anticipate that any such adjustment will be material to our financial statements, the result of ongoing and/or future environmental studies or other factors could alter this expectation and require that we record additional liabilities. We currently can't determine whether we will incur additional liabilities in the future or, if we do, the extent or amount of such additional liabilities. OTHER ISSUES Agway is also subject to various investigations, claims, and legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters that arise in the ordinary course of its business activities. Each of these matters is subject to various uncertainties, and it is possible that some of these matters may be resolved unfavorably to Agway. Agway has established accruals for matters for which payment is probable and amounts reasonably estimable. Management believes any liability that may ultimately result from the resolution of these matters in excess of amounts provided under the above stated policy will not have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial position, or liquidity of Agway. AGRICULTURAL ECONOMY AND OTHER FACTORS The financial condition of Agway can be directly affected by factors affecting the agricultural economy, since these factors impact the demand for our products and the ability of our customers to make payments for products or services already purchased through credit extended by us. These factors may include: (i) the continuing consolidation and concentration of agriculture in certain markets; (ii) changes in government agricultural programs that may adversely affect the level of income of customers of Agway; (iii) weather-related conditions which periodically occur that can impact the agricultural productivity and income of the customers of Agway; and (iv) the relationship of demand relative to supply of agricultural commodities produced by customers of Agway. Agway can also be affected by major international events, like the downturn in foreign economies, which can affect such things as the price of commodities we use in our operations as well as the general level of interest rates. 34  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) OTHER MATTERS (CONTINUED) AGRICULTURAL ECONOMY AND OTHER FACTORS (CONTINUED) The financial condition of Agway Energy Products is impacted by factors such as weather conditions in the Northeast and the relationship of supply and demand for petroleum products worldwide as well as within Agway's market. Agway's agricultural business can be impacted by changes in dairy prices paid to producers and from fluctuations in the economy in the northeastern United States that, in general, affect consumer demand for products. To the extent that these factors adversely affect our customers, the financial condition of Agway could be adversely affected. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES Critical accounting policies are those accounting policies that are very important to the portrayal of the Company's financial condition and results which require management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The Company believes the following to be critical and could result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. Disposal of Long-Lived Assets/Discontinued Operations With the announcement of our March 6 plan, our ongoing strategic assessment, and our adoption of SFAS No. 144, we are required to separately report the combined results of businesses that we are taking steps to sell as discontinued operations and to immediately recognize any estimated losses directly related to the sales of those businesses. Any estimated gains on sale of those businesses are not reported until they are realized. The results of operations of all discontinued businesses are reported in discontinued operations in the periods in which they occur. Discontinued business operations results are reported in the income statement, net of tax, in earnings (loss) from operations of discontinued operations. The recognition of any estimated losses directly related to the sales of these businesses are reported in the income statement, net of taxes, in gain (loss) on disposal of discontinued operations. The estimation of any loss on disposal, including the direct costs to sell, is dependent on numerous factors that continuously change as we proceed in our negotiations to sell these operations. This creates a situation where our estimate can change frequently and could differ significantly period to period. Commodity Instruments SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," requires that all derivative instruments be recorded on the balance sheet at their fair value. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are recorded each period in current earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on whether a derivative is designated as part of a hedge transaction and, if it is, the type of hedge transaction. For fair- value hedge transactions in which the Company is hedging changes in fair value of an asset, liability, or firm commitment, changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument will generally be offset in the income statement by changes in the hedged item's fair value. For cash-flow hedge transactions, in which the Company is hedging the variability of cash flows related to a variable-priced asset, liability, or a forecasted transaction, changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument will be reported in other comprehensive income. The gains and losses on the derivative instrument that are reported in other comprehensive income will be reclassified as earnings in the periods in which earnings are impacted by the variability of the cash flows of the hedged item. The ineffective portion of all hedges will be recognized in current-period earnings. The Company's Energy segment enters into a combination of exchange-traded futures and options contracts and, in certain circumstances, over-the-counter options (collectively "derivatives") to manage the price risk associated with future purchases of the commodities used in its operations, principally heating oil and propane. Energy has fair value hedges associated with its fixed price purchase contracts and cash flow hedges for its variable priced purchase contracts. The derivatives are specifically matched in volume and maturity with the various purchase commitments of the business and generally expire within a year. Under SFAS No. 133, the value of option contracts that Energy enters into has two components: time and intrinsic value. The intrinsic value is the value by which the option is in the money. The remaining amount of option value is attributable to time value. Energy does not include the time value of option contracts in its assessment of hedge effectiveness and therefore records changes in the time value component of its options currently in earnings. 35  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) OTHER MATTERS (CONTINUED) CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) Commodity Instruments (continued) In the Agriculture segment, the purchase of corn, soy complex, and oats, which can be sold directly as ingredients or included in feed products sold by Agriculture, creates price risk for this business. Agriculture intends to match its purchase and sales contracts whenever possible to hedge price risk; however, exchange-traded commodity instruments are used principally to manage the price risk associated with unmatched commodity purchases or sales. Agriculture matches all derivative contracts with their underlying purchase or sale contract; however, due to the differences in the changes in the commodity cash price at an Agriculture location versus the Chicago Board of Trade, a highly effective hedging relationship (as defined by SFAS No. 133) has not been achieved. Therefore, the derivatives used in Agriculture are marked to market currently in earnings. Liability for Self-Insurance The Company is primarily self- insured for workers compensation, general and auto liability and certain group health and welfare costs. Self-insurance liabilities are actuarially calculated based on claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported. Projection of losses concerning these liabilities is subject to a high degree of variability due to factors such as claim settlement patterns, litigation trends, legal interpretations, future levels of health care costs and the selection of discount rates. Employee Benefit Plans The actuarial determination of Agway's obligations and expense for Company-sponsored pension and postretirement benefits is dependent on the Company's selection of assumptions including the discount rate, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, rates of compensation increase and health care cost trend rate. Significant differences between our actual experience or significant changes in our assumptions may materially affect our pension income and net periodic postretirement obligation expense. Revenue Recognition We record revenue from product sales when the goods are shipped, title and risk of loss passes to the customer, and when collection is reasonably assured. Revenue from service contracts is accounted for when the services are provided. Income Taxes Agway is subject to income taxes on all income not distributed to patrons as patronage refunds and provides for income taxes in accordance with the provisions of SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes." Under the liability method specified by SFAS No. 109, deferred tax assets and liabilities are based on the difference between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities as measured by the tax rates that are anticipated to be in effect when these differences reverse. The deferred tax provision represents the net change in the assets and liabilities for deferred tax. The Company records a valuation allowance when it is necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts for which realization is more likely than not. The provision for income taxes has been allocated between continuing and discontinued operations for all years presented. Environmental Remediation Costs Agway accrues for losses associated with environmental remediation obligations when such losses are probable and reasonably estimable. Accruals for estimated losses from environmental remediation obligations generally are recognized no later than completion of the remedial feasibility study. Such accruals are adjusted as further information develops or circumstances change. Costs of future expenditures for environmental remediation obligations are not discounted to their present value. Recoveries of environmental remediation costs from other parties (primarily other PRPs and state environmental funds) are considered in determining the Company's accrual for these losses. 36  ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) OTHER MATTERS (CONTINUED) IMPACT OF RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS SFAS No. 141, "Business Combinations," was issued in June 2001 and requires that - -------------------------------------- the purchase method of accounting be used for all business combinations initiated after June 30, 2001, and prohibits the use of the pooling-of-interests method. The adoption of this standard has no impact on the financial statements of the Company. SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," was issued in June 2001. - ------------------------------------------------------- Under SFAS No. 142, amortization of goodwill, including goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives recorded in past business combinations, will discontinue upon adoption of this standard. In addition, goodwill recorded as a result of business combinations completed after July 1, 2001, will not be amortized. Instead, all goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives will be tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate potential impairment, through a comparison of fair value to its carrying amount. The net book value of goodwill and other intangible assets of continuing operations was $7,700 at June 30, 2002. Amortization of goodwill and other intangible assets of continuing operations totaled $1,800 and $1,700, respectively, for the years ended June 30, 2002 and 2001. We have adopted this standard on July 1, 2002, and we expect to complete the initial impairment analysis by December 31, 2002. SFAS No 143, "Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations," was issued in June - ------------------------------------------------------------- 2001 and is effective for the Company on July 1, 2002. SFAS No. 143 establishes financial accounting and reporting obligations associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets and the associated assets' retirement costs. It applies to all legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction, development, and/or the normal operation of a long-lived asset. We believe that the implementation of the statement will not have a material impact on the results of operations and financial position of the Company. SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets," - ------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------- was issued in August 2001. SFAS No. 144 provides new guidance on the recognition of impairment losses on long-lived assets to be held and used or to be disposed of and also broadens the definition of what constitutes a discontinued operation and how the results of discontinued operations are to be measured and presented. SFAS No. 144 supersedes SFAS No. 121, "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed Of," and a portion of Accounting Principle Board (APB) No. 30, "Reporting the Results of Operations- Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a Segment of a Business," while retaining many of the requirements of these two statements. Under SFAS No. 144, discontinued operations are no longer measured on a net realizable value basis, and future operating losses are no longer recognized before they occur. This statement broadens the presentation of discontinued operations in the income statement to include a component of an entity (rather than a segment of a business). A component of an entity comprises operations and cash flows that can be clearly distinguished, operationally and for financial reporting purposes, from the rest of the entity. The Company early adopted this new standard on January 1, 2002, and recognized no impact in its financial statements regarding the new guidance on the recognition of impairment losses on long-lived assets to be held and used. As further described in Note 3, the Company has announced the discontinuation of five of its business operations and has adopted the guidance of SFAS No. 144 regarding the measurement, recognition, and disclosure of these discontinued operations. SFAS No. 146, "Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal - --------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------- Activities," was issued June 2002 and is effective for exit or disposal - ------------ activities initiated after December 31, 2002. SFAS No. 146 addresses financial accounting and reporting for costs associated with exit or disposal activities and nullifies Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) Issue No. 94-3, "Liability Recognition for Certain Employee Termination Benefits and Other Costs to Exit an Activity Including Certain Costs Incurred in a Restructuring." We believe that the implementation of the statement will not have a material impact on the results of operations and financial position of the Company. 37  ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact the financial position, results of operations, or cash flows of Agway due to adverse changes in financial and commodity market prices and rates. We are exposed to market risk in the areas of interest rates and commodity prices. These exposures are directly related to our normal funding and investing activities and to our use of agricultural and energy commodities in the operation of our business. INTEREST RATE EXPOSURE The following table provides information about the other financial instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. The table presents principal cash flows and related weighted average interest rates by expected maturity dates. We do not use derivatives or other interest rate instruments to hedge interest rate risk due to the fixed rate nature of the majority of our debt obligations. Agway's subordinated money market certificates (previously issued by AFC and assumed by Agway) bear interest at a rate that is the greater of the stated rate or a rate based upon an average discount rate of T-Bills, with maturities of 26 weeks. Based on the T-Bill rate of 1.78% at June 2002 as it compares to the stated rates of the money market certificates which range from 5.5% to 9.75% at June 30, 2002, we believe a reasonably possible near-term increase in T-Bill rates and the conversion of Agway debt to a variable rate would not cause material near-term losses in future earnings or cash flows. (1) Fair value of Agway subordinated debentures is not determinable at June 30, 2002. As described in Note 8, effective June 14, 2002, the Company suspended its voluntary practice of repurchasing eligible Agway securities when presented prior to maturity. Furthermore, on October 1, 2002, Agway Inc. intends to file voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. COMMODITY PRICE EXPOSURE In the normal course of our continuing operations, we have exposure to market risk from price fluctuations associated with commodities such as corn, soy complex, oats, gasoline, distillate and propane. These price fluctuations impact commodity inventories, product gross margins, and anticipated transactions in our Agriculture and Energy segments. We manage the risk of market price fluctuations of some of these commodities by using commodity derivative instruments. Commodity derivative instruments include exchange-traded futures and option contracts and, in limited circumstances, over-the-counter contracts with third parties. We have policies that specify what we can use commodity derivative instruments for and set limits on the maturity of contracts we enter into and the level of exposure to market price fluctuations that we are trying to protect ourselves against (or hedge). However, because the commodities markets are very volatile, our gains or losses on these contracts might not fully offset the corresponding change in the prices of the underlying commodity, which could lower our earnings. A sensitivity analysis has been prepared to estimate Agway's exposure to market risk of its commodity instrument positions as of June 30, 2002 and 2001. The fair value of such position is a summation of the fair values calculated for each commodity instrument by valuing each position at quoted futures prices or, in the case of options, a delta- adjusted calculated price. The market risk of the commodity position is estimated as the potential loss in fair value resulting from a hypothetical 10% adverse change in market prices of the underlying commodities. This estimated loss in fair value does not reflect the offsetting impact of market price changes to the underlying commodities for which the commodity instruments are managing the price risk. As of June 30, 2002 and 2001, assuming a 10% hypothetical adverse change in the underlying commodity price, the potential decrease in fair value of our Energy business commodity instruments was $2,200 and $600, respectively. The potential loss in fair value of commodity instruments for Agriculture and Country Products Group was immaterial for both periods. 38  ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 39  AGWAY INC. REPORT ON FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Company in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The integrity and objectivity of the data in these financial statements, including estimates and judgments, are the responsibility of Agway, as is all other information included in these financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of Agway Inc. have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, whose report follows. Agway has made available to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP all of the Company's financial records and related data, as well as the minutes of Directors' meetings. Furthermore, Agway believes that all representations made to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP during its audit were valid and appropriate. Agway maintains a system of internal accounting controls intended to provide reasonable assurance, given the inherent limitations of all internal control systems, at appropriate costs, that transactions are executed in accordance with Company authorization, are properly recorded and reported in the financial statements, and that assets are adequately safeguarded. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which consists of three directors who are not employees, meets periodically with management and the independent accountants to review the manner in which they are performing their responsibilities and to discuss auditing, internal accounting controls, and financial reporting matters. The independent accountants have free access to the Audit Committee. AGWAY INC. BY /s/ DONALD P. CARDARELLI ------------------------ BY DONALD P. CARDARELLI President and CEO September 27, 2002 BY /s/ PETER J. O'NEILL ------------------------ PETER J. O'NEILL Senior Vice President Finance & Control September 27, 2002 40  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS To the Board of Directors of Agway Inc.: In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing under Item 14(a)(1) on page 87 present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Agway Inc. and its subsidiaries at June 30, 2002 and 2001, and the result of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2002, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedules listed in the index appearing under Item 14(a)(2) on page 87 present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. These financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America, which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, it is the Company's intention to file for protection under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code on October 1, 2002 as a result of recurring losses from operations and substantial constraints on its ability to obtain continued financing. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. As further discussed in Note 1, the Company adopted the Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets" in 2002 and the financial statements have been restated to reflect certain business operations as discontinued operations. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP - ------------------------------ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Syracuse, New York September 27, 2002 41  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 42  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 43  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 44  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) Common shares, purchased at par value, held in Treasury at year-end were: 76,897 in 2002; 75,548 in 2001; 74,184 in 2000. A common stock dividend per share of $1.50 was declared for 2002, 2001 and 2000. Dividend payments are restricted to a maximum of 8% of par value per annum. See Note 11 for the details of preferred stock activity. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 45  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 46  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Organization Agway Inc. was incorporated under the Delaware General Corporation Law in 1964 and is headquartered in De Witt, New York. Agway is an agricultural cooperative directly engaged within its continuing operations in manufacturing, processing, distribution, and marketing of agricultural feed products and services for its farmer-members and other customers, primarily in the northeastern United States and Ohio. In addition, Agway is engaged in repacking and marketing fresh produce. Agway, through a wholly owned subsidiary Agway Energy Products, is involved in the distribution of petroleum products and the installation and servicing of heating, ventilation, and air- conditioning equipment. On March 6, 2002, the Company announced details of a comprehensive plan designed to refocus capital resources on four selected businesses: Animal Feed and Nutrition (the principal operation within the Agriculture segment), Energy Products (Energy segment), Produce, and Agricultural Technologies (operations within the Country Products Group segment). This plan also disclosed our intentions to divest of four business operations: Telmark (Leasing segment), Agway Insurance (the principal operation within the Insurance segment), and Agronomy and Seedway (components of the Agriculture segment). After this plan was announced, as part of its ongoing strategic assessment of remaining Agway businesses, including its sunflower business (an operation included within the Country Products Group segment), Agway engaged an investment advisor to assist in the exploration of strategic alternatives involving the sunflower business. In June 2002, after reviewing a number of written indications of interest, the Agway Board of Directors affirmed management's intentions to actively pursue a sale of this business. As required by generally accepted accounting principles, the financial statements separately reflect the business operations planned for divestiture, or Actually divested, as discontinued operations for all periods reported. For further information on the discontinued operations, refer to Note 3 of these financial statements. To date, progress has been made regarding all divestiture plans. On August 28, 2002, Agway announced the completion of the sale of its wholly owned insurance subsidiary, Agway Insurance Company, to United Farm Family Mutual Insurance Company. On September 16, 2002, Agway completed the sale of its sunflower business (an operation historically included within the Country Products Group segment) to Cenex Harvest States Cooperatives. Finally, on September 27, 2002, Agway and GROWMARK announced that they had signed a definitive agreement regarding the sale of the Agronomy and Seedway businesses and related assets to GROWMARK. As disclosed on May 23, 2002, with respect to the sale of Telmark, after lengthy negotiations, Agway and a potential buyer were unable to reach final agreement on a sale of Telmark. Goldman, Sachs & Co. is continuing to assist the Company in exploring potential strategic alternatives for this business. Prior to July 1, 2001 Agway Financial Corporation (AFC) was a wholly owned subsidiary of Agway. AFC's principal business activities consisted of securing financing through bank borrowings and issuance of corporate debt instruments (the "Debt Securities") to provide funds for general corporate purposes to Agway and AFC's wholly owned subsidiary, Agway Holdings Inc. (AHI), and AHI's subsidiaries. Major holdings of AHI included Agway Energy Products LLC and Agway Energy Services Inc. (Energy Segment), Telmark LLC and its subsidiaries (Leasing Segment), and Agway Insurance Company and Agway General Agency Inc. (Insurance Segment) through June 30, 2001. In exemptive relief granted pursuant to a "no action letter" issued by the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), AFC did not file periodic reports with the SEC for itself but did report summarized financial information in Agway's financial statement footnotes. Telmark (Leasing segment) and Agway Insurance (the principal operation in the Insurance segment) finance their activities through operations or with a combination of their own short- and long-term credit facilities. Telmark's debt is not guaranteed by Agway. 47  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) Organization (continued) Effective July 1, 2001, we simplified the Agway corporate structure by merging AFC and AHI into Agway Inc. The more complex structure was no longer necessary due to changed circumstances related to Agway's financing. Additionally, Agway Inc. assumed all the assets and liabilities of AFC and AHI and assumed the direct responsibility for securing financing, as described above. In connection with the assumption by Agway of the obligations under the Debt Securities, AFC, Agway and The Chase Manhattan Bank, a New York banking corporation (the Trustee), entered into a Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 1, 2001 which provides for the assumption by Agway of all rights, responsibilities and obligations of AFC under existing indentures and the Debt Securities to which they relate. As a result of the foregoing transactions, all of AHI's direct Subsidiaries became direct Subsidiaries of Agway Inc. Also effective July 1, 2001, Agway, as the sole member of Milford Fertilizer Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Milford), merged Milford with and into Agway Inc. As a result of this merger, Agway Inc. has assumed all of the assets and liabilities of Milford. The mergers did not result in a material change in the consolidated financial position or results of operations of Agway. Fiscal Year The fiscal year-end of Agway Inc. was June 30, 2002 and comprised 52 weeks. The fiscal year ended June 30, 2001, was comprised of 53 weeks and the fiscal year ended June 24, 2000 was comprised of 52 weeks. Effective July 1, 2001, the fiscal year-end was changed to June 30 each year for the company as a whole and for each of its divisions. Quarterly reports previously reported are for quarters ended on September 30, December 31, and March 31. Basis of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation except for certain items for intercompany transactions between continuing and discontinued operations principally related to leases between Telmark (discontinued Leasing segment) and the continuing operations or other discontinued operations. Cumulative Effect of Accounting Change On June 25, 2000, upon adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 133, the Company recorded a net-of-tax cumulative-effect loss of $1,100 to recognize at fair value the time value component of all option contracts associated with the Company's Energy segment which is excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness as allowed by the new standard. The Company also recorded a net-of-tax cumulative-effect gain of $3,100 in other comprehensive income to recognize at fair value all derivative instruments in the Company's Energy segment that are designated and qualify as cash-flow hedges. See Commodity Instruments Section of this Note for further details of the Company's accounting for derivatives and hedging activities. Reclassifications Certain reclassifications have been made to conform prior year financial statements with the current year presentation. Comprehensive Income Comprehensive income consists of net earnings (loss), the net change in unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities (relating to Agway Insurance and included in discontinued operations), net of tax, deferred gains and losses on cash flow hedges, net of tax, and unrealized net periodic pension cost. The unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities in the statement of comprehensive income are net of tax expense (benefit) of $325, $477 and $(288) for 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. The deferred gains and losses on cash flow hedges in the statement of comprehensive income are net of tax expense (benefit) of $614 and $(126) for 2002 and 2001, respectively. The unrealized net periodic pension cost on minimum pension liability adjustments are net of tax benefit of $(199) for 2002. 48  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) Cash and Equivalents Agway considers all investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Accounts Receivable Agway uses the allowance method to account for doubtful accounts and notes receivable. Trade receivables with credit balances represents customer prepayments. Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. For those inventories stated at cost, we use the average unit cost or the first-in, first-out method. Commodity Instruments SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," requires that all derivative instruments be recorded on the balance sheet at their fair value. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are recorded each period in current earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on whether a derivative is designated as part of a hedge transaction and, if it is, the type of hedge transaction. For fair-value hedge transactions in which the Company is hedging changes in fair value of an asset, liability, or firm commitment, changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument will generally be offset in the income statement by changes in the hedged item's fair value. For cash-flow hedge transactions, in which the Company is hedging the variability of cash flows related to a variable-priced asset, liability, or a forecasted transaction, changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument will be reported in other comprehensive income. The gains and losses on the derivative instrument that are reported in other comprehensive income will be reclassified as earnings in the periods in which earnings are impacted by the variability of the cash flows of the hedged item. The ineffective portion of all hedges will be recognized in current-period earnings. The Company's Energy segment enters into a combination of exchange- traded futures and options contracts and, in certain circumstances, over-the- counter options (collectively "derivatives") to manage the price risk associated with future purchases of the commodities used in its operations, principally heating oil and propane. Energy has fair value hedges associated with its fixed price purchase contracts and cash flow hedges for its variable priced purchase contracts. The derivatives are specifically matched in volume and maturity with the various purchase commitments of the business and generally expire within a year. Under SFAS No. 133, the value of option contracts that Energy enters into has two components: time and intrinsic value. The intrinsic value is the value by which the option is in the money. The remaining amount of option value is attributable to time value. Energy does not include the time value of option contracts in its assessment of hedge effectiveness and therefore records changes in the time value component of its options currently in earnings. At June 30, 2002, Energy had a derivative asset of $1,500. An after-tax total of $900 of deferred net unrealized gains on derivative instruments were accumulated in other comprehensive income and are expected to be reclassified into earnings during the next 12 months. The pre- tax earnings impact for the time value component of option value not used in assessing hedge effectiveness totaled $1,800 upon the initial adoption of SFAS No. 133 at July 1, 2000, and is included, net of tax, in the cumulative effect of accounting change for the year ended June 30, 2001. For the years ended June 30, 2002 and 2001, $3,500 and $3,700, respectively, are included in cost of goods sold for the change in option time value not used in the assessment of hedge effectiveness. In the Agriculture segment, the purchase of corn, soy complex, and oats, which can be sold directly as ingredients or included in feed products sold by Agriculture, creates price risk for this business. Agriculture intends to match its purchase and sales contracts whenever possible to hedge price risk; however, exchange-traded commodity instruments are used principally to manage the price risk associated with unmatched commodity purchases or sales. Agriculture matches all derivative contracts with their underlying purchase or sale contract; however, due to the differences in the changes in the commodity cash price at an Agriculture location versus the Chicago Board of Trade, a highly effective hedging relationship (as defined by SFAS No. 133) has not been achieved. Therefore, the derivatives used in Agriculture are marked to market currently in earnings. 49  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) Security Investments Security investments consist of capital stock of a cooperative bank and other cooperative suppliers acquired at par or stated value. This stock is not traded and is historically redeemed on a periodic basis by the issuer at cost. By its nature, this stock is held to redemption and is reported at cost. We believe it is not practical to estimate the fair value of these investments since there is no established market and it is inappropriate to estimate future cash flows which are largely dependent on future earnings of the cooperative bank and other cooperative suppliers. Patronage refunds received from the cooperative bank are recorded as a reduction of interest expense and totaled approximately $200, $300 and $100 for the years ended June 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. Patronage refunds received on the stock of other cooperatives are reflected in other income. Properties and Equipment Properties and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation and amortization are charged to operations, principally on a straight-line basis, over the estimated useful lives of the properties and equipment, and over the term of the lease for capital leases. Ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Gains and losses on disposition or retirement of assets are reflected in income as incurred. Other Assets Other assets include approximately $7,700 and $9,300 at June 2002 and 2001, respectively, of costs in excess of the fair value of net tangible assets acquired in purchase transactions (goodwill) as well as acquired non-compete agreements, customer lists, and trademarks. Goodwill and other intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis ($1,700 over 1 to 10 years, $6,000 over 12 to 20 years). Amortization included in operating results totaled approximately $1,800, $1,700 and $1,700 for fiscal years ending June 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. Other assets are reviewed for impairment, as described under Impairment of Long-Lived Assets below. (See Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards describing changes on the accounting for goodwill and other intangible assets, effective for the Company as of July 1, 2002.) Impairment of Long-Lived Assets SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets," was early adopted by the Company on January 1, 2002, and supersedes SFAS No. 121, "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed of," while retaining many of the requirements of SFAS No. 121. In accordance with SFAS No. 144, long-lived assets to be held and used by an entity are to be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized by reducing the recorded value to fair value. The pre-tax charge for impairment is included in other income, net, on the consolidated statements of operations and totaled $1,600, $2,300 and $0 in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. Disposal of Long-Lived Assets/Discontinued Operations SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets," was early adopted by the Company on January 1, 2002 and supersedes a portion of Accounting Principle Board (APB) No. 30, "Reporting the Results of Operations - Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a Segment of a Business," relating to reporting the effects of disposal of a segment of a business, while retaining many of the requirements of this statement. Under SFAS No. 144, the definition of what constitutes a discontinued operation is broader, discontinued operations are no longer measured on a net realizable value basis, and future operating losses are no longer recognized before they occur. As of June 30, 2002, Agway has a number of operations being classified as discontinued operations for financial reporting purposes. See Note 3 for details. 50  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) Revenue Recognition We record revenue from product sales when the goods are shipped, title and risk of loss passes to the customer, and when collection is reasonably assured. Revenue from service contracts is accounted for when the services are provided. Environmental Remediation Costs Agway accrues for losses associated with environmental remediation obligations when such losses are probable and reasonably estimable. Accruals for estimated losses from environmental remediation obligations generally are recognized no later than completion of the remedial feasibility study. Such accruals are adjusted as further information develops or circumstances change. Costs of future expenditures for environmental remediation obligations are not discounted to their present value. Recoveries of environmental remediation costs from other parties (primarily other PRPs and state environmental funds) are considered in determining the Company's accrual for these losses. Advertising/Research and Development Costs Agway expenses advertising and research and development costs as they are incurred. Advertising expenses included in selling, general and administrative expenses for the years ended June 2002, 2001 and 2000 were approximately $9,200, $9,000 and $10,200, respectively. Net research and development costs were approximately $300, $300 and $700 for the years ended June 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. Income Taxes Agway is subject to income taxes on all income not distributed to patrons as patronage refunds and provides for income taxes in accordance with the provisions of SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes." Under the liability method specified by SFAS No. 109, deferred tax assets and liabilities are based on the difference between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities as measured by the tax rates that are anticipated to be in effect when these differences reverse. The deferred tax provision represents the net change in the assets and liabilities for deferred tax. A valuation allowance is established when it is necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts for which realization is more likely than not. The provision for income taxes has been allocated between continuing and discontinued operations for all years presented. Liability for Self-Insurance The Company is primarily self-insured for workers compensation, general and auto liability and certain group health and welfare costs. Self-insurance liabilities are actuarially calculated based on claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported. Projection of losses concerning these liabilities is subject to a high degree of variability due to factors such as claim settlement patterns, litigation trends, legal interpretations, future levels of health care costs and the selection of discount rates. Employee Benefit Plans The actuarial determination of Agway's obligations and expense for Company-sponsored pension and postretirement benefits is dependent on the Company's selection of assumptions including the discount rate, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, rates of compensation increase and health care cost trend rate. Significant differences between our actual experience or significant changes in our assumptions may materially affect our pension income and net periodic postretirement obligation expense. Patronage Refunds Patronage refunds are declared and paid at the discretion of the Board of Directors in accordance with the provision of the By-laws of Agway. Patronage refunds are based on taxable earnings on patronage business and, when declared, are paid in cash. The Company has not declared or paid a patronage refund for the years presented in these financial statements. 51  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) has recently issued the following: SFAS No. 141, "Business Combinations," was issued in June 2001 and requires that - ------------------------------------ the purchase method of accounting be used for all business combinations initiated after June 30, 2001, and prohibits the use of the pooling-of-interests method. The adoption of this standard has no impact on the financial statements of the Company. SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," was issued in June 2001. - ------------------------------------------------------ Under SFAS No. 142, amortization of goodwill, including goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives recorded in past business combinations, will discontinue upon adoption of this standard. In addition, goodwill recorded as a result of business combinations completed after July 1, 2001, will not be amortized. Instead, all goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives will be tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate potential impairment, through a comparison of fair value to its carrying amount. The net book value of goodwill and other intangible assets of continuing operations was $7,700 at June 30, 2002. Amortization of goodwill and other intangible assets of continuing operations totaled $1,800 and $1,700, respectively, for the years ended June 30, 2002 and 2001. We have adopted this standard on July 1, 2002, and we expect to complete the initial impairment analysis by December 31, 2002. SFAS No 143, "Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations," was issued in June - ------------------------------------------------------------- 2001 and is effective for the Company on July 1, 2002. SFAS No. 143 establishes financial accounting and reporting obligations associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets and the associated assets' retirement costs. It applies to all legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction, development, and/or the normal operation of a long-lived asset. The implementation of the statement will not have a material impact on the results of operations and financial position of the Company. SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets," - -------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------ was issued in August 2001. SFAS No. 144 provides new guidance on the recognition of impairment losses on long-lived assets to be held and used or to be disposed of and also broadens the definition of what constitutes a discontinued operation and how the results of discontinued operations are to be measured and presented. SFAS No. 144 supersedes SFAS No. 121, "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed Of," and a portion of Accounting Principle Board (APB) No. 30, "Reporting the Results of Operations-Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a Segment of a Business," while retaining many of the requirements of these two statements. Under SFAS No. 144, discontinued operations are no longer measured on a net realizable value basis, and future operating losses are no longer recognized before they occur. This statement broadens the presentation of discontinued operations in the income statement to include a component of an entity (rather than a segment of a business). A component of an entity comprises operations and cash flows that can be clearly distinguished, operationally and for financial reporting purposes, from the rest of the entity. The Company early adopted this new standard on January 1, 2002, and recognized no impact in its financial statements regarding the new guidance on the recognition of impairment losses on long-lived assets to be held and used. As further described in Note 3, the Company has announced the discontinuation of a number of its business operations and has adopted the guidance of SFAS No. 144 regarding the measurement, recognition, and disclosure of these discontinued operations. 52  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards (continued) SFAS No. 146, "Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal - ------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------- Activities," was issued June 2002 and is effective for exit or disposal - ---------- activities initiated after December 31, 2002. SFAS No. 146 addresses financial accounting and reporting for costs associated with exit or disposal activities and nullifies Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) Issue No. 94-3, "Liability Recognition for Certain Employee Termination Benefits and Other Costs to Exit an Activity Including Certain Costs Incurred in a Restructuring." The Company will implement this statement for all exit or disposal activities initiated after December 31, 2002. However, we believe that our current reporting of these types of costs is not materially different than the requirements of this new standard. 2. GOING CONCERN Historically, the principal components of Agway's capital structure have been the preferred stock and subordinated debt issued through the Agway securities program, borrowings from banks and other creditors, and earnings retained from operating results over the years. Our common stock is different from the common equity of a typical business corporation. Our common stock may be purchased only by people who are entitled to be Agway members and the primary benefit of owning common stock is that it provides evidence that the holder is a member of Agway and is entitled to certain benefits. Thus, common equity has never been a significant component of Agway's capital structure or capital raising process. Over the years, the unique nature of our common equity, coupled with a decrease in our retained earnings, has resulted in a leveraged capital structure with a high proportion of debt versus equity. As reported in our periodic reports, in recent years cash flow from operations for Agway Inc. and certain of its business segments and subsidiaries has been supplemented by external borrowings and the sale of both discontinued business operations and other assets, in order to meet the cash requirements for capital improvements, scheduled debt repayments, and maintenance of a voluntary repurchase practice with regard to Agway securities. In addition, effective in March 2001, the support from our senior lender group took on the form of an asset-based loan facility. As previously reported, we have violated the financial covenants contained in that agreement a number of times since its origination, principally due to insufficient earnings. As previously reported, based on Agway's June 30, 2001, financial results, Agway was in violation of certain financial covenants within its Credit Agreement. On September 14, 2001, the lenders agreed to waive these violations, and further agreed to amend the covenants. As previously reported, effective January 31, 2002, lenders agreed to amend and waive (the Second Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement) violations of certain of the financial covenants within the Credit Agreement for the twelve months ended December 31, 2002. As of December 31, 2001, after giving effect to this Credit Agreement amendment, the Company met the amended covenants and conditions under the Credit Agreement. Also, as previously reported, Agway violated certain financial covenants on its Credit Agreement for the twelve months ended March 31, 2002. Effective April 3, 2002, lenders agreed to amend and waive (the Third Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement) certain of the financial covenants within the Credit Agreement for the twelve months ended March 31, 2002. As of March 31, 2002, after giving effect to this Credit Agreement amendment, the Company has met the amended covenants and conditions under the Credit Agreement. 53  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 2. GOING CONCERN (CONTINUED) To address our level of debt, the cost of our debt service, and our relatively low operating cash flow, on March 6, 2002, Agway announced a restructuring plan which included the sale of certain of its business operations, including Telmark, Agway Insurance, Agronomy, and Seedway, within the next year, and a focus of resources on four retained businesses: Animal Feed and Nutrition, Energy Products, Fresh Produce, and Agriculture Technologies. Agway retained Investment banking firms to seek potential buyers for the businesses to be divested. Also on March 6, 2002, Agway stopped actively raising capital through the sale of securities to the public, a major source of external borrowing, pending a restatement of its financial statements to reflect discontinued operations accounting for business operations to be sold. We had discussed this plan with our senior lenders in connection with the third amendment to the Credit Agreement and also as a basis for renegotiation of the Credit Agreement as elements of the plan were consummated. In addition, we also discussed the above restructuring plan with our surety bond provider. As previously reported, the Company's business insurance program is supported in part by financial guarantee surety bonds. The issuer of such bonds indicated to us that, due to surety losses incurred by the industry in the prior year, reinsurers have withdrawn support of financial guarantee bonds similar to those supporting our business insurance program. Our issuer indicated its desire that we replace financial guarantee surety bonds supporting our business insurance program with other forms of collateral. The potential sale of Telmark was a significant component of the plan. Based on advice and exploration of market interest at the time the plan was announced, which was reinforced by subsequent negotiations of a contract for sale in April and May 2002, we expected to close that sale by June 30, 2002. The cash to be generated from the sale was the basis for renegotiated lines of credit and credit terms with our senior lender group, the reopening of sales of Agway securities following the filing of our restated financial information, the restructuring of collateral for our insurance programs, and a beginning of restructuring and paydown of the Agway securities program. The negotiated sale of Telmark was subject to the approval of the Board of Directors of the prospective buyer, which was not received. This unexpected event, as announced on May 23, 2002, created uncertainty with regard to Agway's future liquidity. Because of that unexpected uncertainty, active sales of Agway securities were not restarted, even though our restated financial information had been filed, and we reopened discussions with our lenders and surety bond providers, taking these changed circumstances into account. After further assessing our financial circumstances, on June 17, 2002, we announced that effective June 14, 2002, the Board of Directors determined to suspend the Company's historic practice of repurchasing, at face value, eligible Agway Inc. subordinated debentures prior to maturity and preferred stock when presented for repurchase. As disclosed in the Company's periodic reports and the prospectuses relating to the sale of those securities, the Company was under no obligation to repurchase such securities, retained the right to stop or suspend the practice at any time, and could be required to stop or suspend this practice if the conditions of its primary credit agreement with a syndicated group of lenders (the Credit Agreement) were not satisfied. The Credit Agreement required the Company to maintain a minimum balance, ranging from $440,000 to $450,000 throughout the year of Agway preferred stock, subordinated debentures, and other interest-bearing debt outstanding. As of June 14, 2002, the Company had approximately $459,000 of such preferred stock, subordinated debt, and other interest-bearing debt outstanding and were experiencing higher-than-normal redemption requests compared to prior periods. Suspending the voluntary repurchase program also allowed us to preserve liquidity in the event the divestitures did not go as planned. 54  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 2. GOING CONCERN (CONTINUED) Subsequent to year-end, as previously disclosed and as discussed in Note 3, Discontinued Operations, we completed the sale of Agway Insurance Company on August 28, 2002, to United Farm Family Mutual Insurance Company and the sale of Agway's sunflower business (historically part of the Country Products Group) on September 16, 2002, to the Cenex Harvest States Cooperatives. Finally, on September 27, 2002, Agway and GROWMARK announced that they had Signed a definitive agreement regarding the sale of the Agronomy and Seedway businesses and related assets to GROWMARK. Further, as also previously disclosed, we are continuing to pursue the sale of Telmark. However, based on the expected cash flow from our business operations, the cash generated from asset sales to date, and the uncertainty of both the amount and timing of cash from sales of business operations to come, it is not certain or likely that we will have generated sufficient cash to pay our November 1, 2002, maturity of subordinated debt of $33,100. Further, without an amendment to the existing Credit Agreement, payment of that maturity would be precluded since it would constitute a default of the minimum Agway securities balance requirement in the Credit Agreement. In addition, earnings through September 30, 2002, are not likely to meet the financial covenant requirements of the Credit Agreement, and if they do not, the lenders are under no obligation to waive any such covenant violations. Projected cash flow from our business operations, with appropriate senior debt financing, is expected to be sufficient to meet future operating needs but, without additional sales of assets, is not expected to be adequate to pay the future interest requirements on Agway Inc. unsecured debt or dividends on Agway Inc. preferred stock. In July 2002, our surety provider issued cancellation notices relative to $23,900 of surety bonds supporting our insurance programs. This has no impact on our insurance coverage, but it does give our insurance carriers the right to demand payment of the collateral amount provided by the bonds from the issuer of the bonds. If our surety provider chooses to pay cash to our insurers rather than reissue bonds, our surety would have a right to demand cash payment from us. Our insurers have a right to make demand on our surety provider for $4,625 starting late September and for $6,000 starting late October. We dispute the right of the surety to cancel the remaining $13,275 at this time but recognize their right to cancel coverage in the spring of 2003 at the scheduled renewal dates. It is unlikely we would meet those demands and still have cash availability sufficient to meet our operating needs. If we were unable to pay, it would constitute a default under our Credit Agreement. Further, we have concluded that having shut down the repurchase practice of the Agway securities program for Agway preferred stock and subordinated debt, it will not be possible to restore investor confidence in Company-issued securities without a comprehensive restructuring at the Agway Inc. level. In view of the foregoing, we determined that such a restructuring can best be accomplished through a Chapter 11 bankruptcy procedure. The Company intends to file voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code on October 1, 2002. To that end, we have a generally reached agreement of the terms of a Debtor-in-Possession financing arrangement with our present senior lender group to provide a $125,000 facility over the next 18 months, which we believe will provide adequate cash resources for Agway Inc. to meet future operating requirements while we restructure the business. This Debtor-in-Possession credit facility is subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court. Agway Energy Products is a separate subsidiary which historically generates sufficient cash to meet its needs. Agway Energy Products requires short-term borrowings from the Company's lines of credit to meet seasonal and working capital requirements. Such short-term financing will be made available to Agway Energy Products by our senior lenders as part of the $125,000 facility above. Agway Energy Products will continue to operate as it has in the past and WILL NOT be included in the Agway Inc. voluntary bankruptcy proceeding. Telmark LLC is a separately financed subsidiary with an appropriate capital structure for its industry. Telmark LLC has historically and is expected to continue to generate ample earnings and cash flow to meet its debt service requirements. Telmark LLC will continue to operate separately as it has in the past and WILL NOT be included in the Agway Inc. voluntary bankruptcy proceeding. At this stage, we cannot predict the impact of the intended Chapter 11 proceeding on our financial condition and results of operations. However, until a plan of reorganization is developed and approved by the Bankruptcy Court and our creditors, we will be prohibited from paying pre-petition indebtedness, including principal, interest, and maturities on our outstanding debt securities. Following approval of a plan of reorganization, payment on our securities will depend upon the terms of the plan. 55  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 3. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS On March 6, 2002, the Company announced details of a comprehensive plan designed to strengthen our capital structure and reduce our debt. This plan focuses our capital resources on four selected businesses: Animal Feed and Nutrition (the principal operation within the Agriculture segment), Energy Products (Energy segment), Produce, and Agricultural Technologies (operations within the Country Products Group segment). This plan also disclosed our intentions to divest four business operations: Telmark (the former Leasing segment), Agway Insurance Company (the principal operation within the former Insurance segment), and Agronomy and Seedway (formerly components of the Agriculture segment). After this restructuring plan was announced, as part of its ongoing strategic assessment of remaining Agway businesses, in June 2002, the Agway Board of Directors affirmed management's intentions to actively pursue a sale of Agway's Sunflower business (an operation formerly included within the Country Products Group segment). With the announcement of our March 6, 2002 restructuring plan, our ongoing strategic assessment, and our adoption of SFAS No. 144, we are required to separately report the combined results of businesses that we are taking steps to sell as discontinued operations and to immediately recognize any estimated losses directly related to the sales of those businesses. Any estimated gains on sale of those businesses are not reported until they are realized. The results of operations of all discontinued businesses are reported in discontinued operations in the periods in which they occur. Discontinued business operations results are reported in the income statement, net of tax, in earnings (loss) from operations of discontinued operations. The recognition of any estimated losses directly related to the sales of these businesses are reported in the income statement, net of taxes, in gain (loss) on disposal of discontinued operations. The total assets of discontinued operations and total liabilities of discontinued operations are separately reported in the consolidated balance sheet. In the second quarter of fiscal 2000, the Agway Board of Directors approved a plan to restructure the retail store distribution system. The plan called for the sale or closure of 227 Agway retail properties. In the spring of 2000, the Agway Board of Directors authorized the sale of the wholesale procurement and supply system to Southern States Cooperative, Inc. An agreement for this sale was executed on June 20, 2000 and closed on July 31, 2000. The sale of the wholesale procurement and supply system, when combined with the sale and closure of the Agway-owned or operated retail stores, constituted a plan to discontinue operations of the retail services business. The discontinued retail services business was measured and recognized under APB No. 30, "Reporting the Results of Operations- Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a Segment of a Business." For financial reporting purposes, the measurement date upon which this discontinued operation plan became effective was June 20, 2000. All retail store operations ceased during 2001, and the Company is continuing to market any remaining store properties for sale. No adjustments to the estimated net loss on disposal established as of the June 20, 2000 measurement date has been required. For the businesses noted above that are reflected in discontinued operations, a summary of net sales and revenues and pre-tax operating results for each of the three years ended June 30, 2002, and total assets of discontinued operations and total liabilities of discontinued operations at June 30, 2002 and June 30, 2001 are detailed below. Furthermore, a portion of the Company's interest expense has been allocated to discontinued operations based on the outstanding debt attributable to holding these discontinued operations. Income taxes have been allocated between continuing and discontinued operations for all periods presented. 56  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 3. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) The loss on disposal of discontinued operations, net of tax, was originally recorded as of March 31, 2002, and reported in Form 10-Q and has been adjusted to the current estimated loss at June 30, 2002, as follows:  2) -------------- ------------- -------------- Pre-tax loss on disposal........................................ (41,331) (61,905) (103,236) Income tax benefit on loss on disposal.......................... 14,871 2,929 17,800 -------------- ------------- -------------- Net loss on disposal of discontinued operations................. $ (26,460) $ (58,976) $ (85,436) ============== ============= ============== Since reporting an estimated net loss on disposal of discontinued operations at March 31, 2002, several events have occurred which required revisions to our prior estimates. These events included a charge for costs incurred from the failed transaction on the sale of Telmark, ongoing negotiations with potential buyers of businesses to be divested reflecting further impairment of value than originally estimated, changes in the estimate of direct transaction costs, and finally, the inclusion in discontinued operations of the Sunflower business and the Company's investment in CF Industries. The above net loss on disposal of discontinued operations could be further adjusted (either increased or decreased) in future periods for changes experienced from the current estimate for net loss on disposal of discontinued operations. 57  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 4. INVENTORIES Inventories consist of the following: 5. PROPERTIES AND EQUIPMENT Properties and equipment, at cost, and capital leases (including those leases with Telmark, a discontinued operation) consist of the following at: Depreciation and amortization expense relating to properties and equipment amounted to approximately $19,000, $18,600 and $17,600 in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. 58  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 6. RETIREMENT BENEFITS Pension Plan The Employees' Retirement Plan of Agway Inc. is a non- contributory defined benefit pension plan covering the majority of employees of Agway Inc. See Events Impacting Pension and Postretirement Retirement Benefits section of this Note for details on plan amendments made during fiscal 2002. The plan's benefit formulae bases payment on a pension equity formula. Generally, pension costs are funded annually at no less than the amount required by law and no more than the maximum allowed by federal income tax guidelines. Based on the overfunded status of the plan, the Company had no funding requirements to the plan during the two years ended June 30, 2002 and 2001. The projected benefit obligation is based on the actuarial present value of the benefits that the employee would be entitled to at the expected retirement date. The Plan has assets that exceed the benefit obligation by $149,800 as of June 30, 2002. The majority of the plan's investments consist of U.S. government and agency securities, U.S. corporate bonds, U.S. and foreign equities, equity and bond funds and temporary investments (short-term investments in demand notes and money market funds). At June 30, 2002 and 2001, retirement plan assets included Agway debt securities and preferred stock with face values of $5,100 and $10,100, respectively. Face value was considered fair value for these securities while Agway Inc. had a practice of repurchasing such securities at face value. As described in Note 8, effective June 14, 2002, the Company suspended its voluntary practice of repurchasing eligible Agway securities when presented prior to maturity. At present, fair value of Agway securities is not determinable. Furthermore, on October 1, 2002, Agway Inc. intends to file voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The funded status of the plan has decreased by $83,900 from $233,700 at June 30, 2001 to $149,800 at June 30, 2002. The principal components of the change include a $55,400 reduction in market value of plan assets as compared to the expected return and $25,000 in recognized benefit increases from plan amendments and curtailment charges. The following tables set forth the change in the plan's benefit obligation and plan assets from the beginning to the end of each year presented, the plan's funded status, and the amounts recognized in Agway's consolidated financial statements at June 30, 2002 and 2001 as a net pension asset. Pension (income) expense is reported as a reduction or increase in payroll costs included in product and plant operations and selling, general and administrative expenses. The components that comprise net pension (income) expense are summarized for each of the three years ended June 30, 2002 as follows: 59  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 6. RETIREMENT BENEFITS (CONTINUED) (1) See Events Impacting Pension and Postretirement Retirement Benefits section of this Note for details. (2) The curtailment charge in fiscal 2000 relates to the sale of the wholesale procurement and supply system and the sale and closure of Agway- owned or operated retail stores. Postretirement Benefits Agway provides postretirement medical benefits and life insurance to eligible retirees and their dependents. See Events Impacting Pension and Postretirement Retirement Benefits section of the Note for details on plan amendments made during fiscal 2002. Eligibility for benefits depends upon age and years of service. The benefit obligation under Agway's postretirement benefit plans are general, unsecured obligations of the Company and are not funded. The accrued postretirement benefit cost expected to be paid in the next year is in other current liabilities, while the remaining amount is included in other liabilities. The change in the plan's benefit obligation from the beginning to the end of each year presented, the reconciliation of funded status at June 30, 2002 and 2001, and the components that comprise net periodic postretirement benefit cost for the years ended June 30, 2002 and 2001 and June 24, 2000 recognized in Agway's consolidated financial statements were as follows: 60  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 6. RETIREMENT BENEFITS (CONTINUED) Postretirement Benefits (continued) (1) See Events Impacting Pension and Postretirement Retirement Benefits section of this Note for details. (2) The curtailment charge in fiscal 2000 relates to the sale of the wholesale procurement and supply system and the sale and closure of Agway-owned or operated retail stores. In determining the benefit obligation, the weighted average discount rate used was 7.75% for 2001 and the period of July 1, 2001 through March 31, 2002. The rate used was 7.00% for the period of April 1, 2002 through June 30, 2002. Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the health care plans. However, for persons over age 65, Agway has an insured medical program limiting Agway's subsidy to a per month/per retiree basis. Additionally, as a result of postretirement plan amendments described below, effective January 1, 2003, the Company will eliminate the pre-age 65 retiree medical benefits. As a result, there is no longer a medical trend on the benefits of this plan as all benefits will be on a per month/per retiree basis. Events Impacting Pension and Postretirement Retirement Benefits During fiscal 2002, several events occurred that resulted in immediate or future impacts to the Company's pension and postretirement medical and life insurance benefit plans. The amendments listed below were all approved by Agway's Board of Directors. (a) On March 6, 2002, the Company announced a comprehensive plan that included the exiting of certain of its business operations. This decision is expected to result in approximately 980 employees leaving the Company, which constitutes a curtailment of both the pension and postretirement plans. A curtailment is defined as an event that significantly reduces the expected years of future service of active plan participants. Curtailment accounting requires immediate recognition of actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs related to these employees that would otherwise have been recognized in the future over the future service lives of the related employees. This results in curtailment losses which decrease the pension income and increase the net periodic postretirement expense and increase (decrease) the benefit obligation for the year ended June 30, 2002 as follows: The curtailment charge to pension income and net periodic postretirement expense noted above has been reported in the loss on disposal of discontinued operations (see Note 3).  When combined with the curtailment noted in (b), totals the $7,632 recognized curtailment loss in the components of net periodic postretirement benefit costs in 2002. 61  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 6. RETIREMENT BENEFITS (CONTINUED) Events Impacting Pension and Postretirement Retirement Benefits (continued) (b) The Company amended its postretirement benefit plans so that effective July 1, 2002 the retiree life insurance benefit that provided a $4 death benefit to retirees was eliminated and effective January 1, 2003 the pre-age 65 retiree medical benefits will be eliminated. These changes reduce the postretirement benefit obligation by $4,958. The curtailment charge to recognize previously unrecognized gains (losses) and prior service costs increases the net periodic expense by $4,441. A portion of these benefits were settled through the adoption in the pension plan of a social security supplement and additional death benefit (see (c) below). This resulted in an accounting settlement in the postretirement plans that reduced the postretirement benefit obligation by $11,428 and the net postretirement periodic expense by $11,678 for the year ended June 30, 2002. (c) The Company amended the pension plan effective July 1, 2002, to create an ancillary benefit for certain retirees and eligible active employees that consists of a social security supplement and an additional death benefit. These changes result in a positive plan amendment that increased the benefit obligation under the plan by $18,939 and decreased pension income by $11,881 for the year ended June 30, 2002. In addition, the plan was amended to reflect legislated increases in benefit and pensionable compensation limits, resulting in an increase to the plan's benefit obligation of $583. This latter amendment resulted in a similar decrease in obligation to the Benefit Equalization Plan. (d) Effective April 1, 2002, the Company amended the pension plan to add an "additional retirement benefit" to be paid to eligible participants who are involuntarily terminated from employment with the Company between April 1, 2002 and July 1, 2004 which is the result of a work force reduction as defined in the amendment. The benefit obligation varies and is based on a combination of a participant's weekly base pay and the participant's years of service. There were no significant obligations of the pension plan as of June 30, 2002 as a result of this amendment. (e) Effective May 1, 2002, the Company amended the pension plan to add a qualified supplemental employee retirement benefit. Under the terms of this amendment, the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors of Agway may, at its discretion from time to time, direct non-discriminatory qualified supplemental retirement benefits initially restricted from payment by the pension plan, and otherwise payable from the Benefit Equalization Plan, to be paid by the pension plan. On August 1, 2002, subsequent to the Company's fiscal year ended June 30,2002, the Human Resources Committee approved a non-discriminatory benefit that will increase the benefit obligation by $2,500 and decrease pension income in fiscal 2003 by $200. Corresponding offsetting impacts will occur in the Company's Benefit Equalization Plan. Employees' Thrift Investment Plan The Agway Inc. Employees' 401(k) Thrift Investment Plan is a defined contribution plan covering a substantial majority of employees of Agway and its subsidiaries. Under the plan, each participant may invest up to 15% of his or her salary, of which a maximum of 6% qualifies for an Agway matching contribution. Participant contributions are invested at the option of the participant in any combination of eight funds. One of the eight funds is the Company Security Fund which held Company debt securities and preferred stock totaling approximately $47,800 at June 30, 2002. As described in Note 8, effective June 14, 2002, the Company suspended its voluntary practice of repurchasing eligible Agway securities when presented prior to maturity and all discretionary transactions in and out of the Company Security Fund have been suspended. Furthermore, on October 1, 2002, Agway Inc. intends to file voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Agway contributes, as a matching contribution, an amount of at least 10%, but not more than 50%, of each participant's regular contributions, as defined, up to 6% of his or her salary on an annual basis. Agway contributions to this plan for years ended June 2002, 2001 and 2000 were approximately $600, $1,700 and $1,600, respectively. For the years ended June 2001 and 2000, the Board of Directors of Agway approved an additional match of 20% to supplement the minimum contribution level of 10%. 62  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 6. RETIREMENT BENEFITS (CONTINUED) Benefit Equalization Plan The Company also maintains a non-qualified, unfunded benefit equalization plan (BEP) designed to provide pension and thrift benefits for employees whose normal benefits are reduced by limitations under the Employee Retirement Income Security ACT (ERISA) and the Internal Revenue Code. Net benefit expense relating to the pension component of the BEP was approximately $1,500, $1,000 and $900 for the years ended June 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. The accrued pension costs under the BEP were approximately $6,500 and $5,600 for 2002 and 2001, respectively. Net benefit expense relating to the thrift component of the BEP, including the Company matching contributions, totaled approximately $300, $300 and $400 for the years ended June 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. In determining the actuarial present values of the projected benefit obligations of the pension component of this plan, the same assumptions were used as those for the Company's defined benefit pension plan. 63  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 7. INCOME TAXES Tax Provision The Company's consolidated tax expense (benefit) for income taxes has been allocated between continuing and discontinued operations and consists of the following: The effective income tax rate on earnings from continuing operations before income taxes differs from the federal statutory regular tax rate as follows: (1) In June 2001, for reasons described in Note 1, Agway's Board of Directors voted to simplify Agway's corporate structure by merging AFC and AHI into Agway Inc, effective July 1, 2001. The change in net deferred tax liabilities reflects the expected future tax rate from this structure. (2) See discussion below regarding valuation allowance. (3) For state income tax purposes, Agway does not file combined income tax returns for all of its operations and is therefore unable to recognize the benefit of certain net operating losses incurred by subsidiaries. (4) Nondeductible items are principally related to goodwill amortization and meal and entertainment expenses. 64  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 7. INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED) Deferred Taxes Agway's consolidated net deferred tax balances have been allocated between continuing and discontinued operations. On a consolidated basis, the Company has a valuation allowance on its gross deferred tax assets of $25,249, due to the uncertainty of generating sufficient future taxable income to fully benefit from the deferred tax assets. See Note 2. The valuation allowance has been allocated between continuing and discontinued operations, as detailed below. The deferred taxes of discontinued operations are included in the assets and/or liabilities of discontinued operations as detailed in Note 3. The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities for continuing operations were as follows: The continuing operations net deferred tax liability at June 2002 and 2001 of $14,057 and $18,520, respectively, consists of a net current asset of $17,840 and $34,501 and a net long-term liability of $31,897 and $53,021, respectively. The total continuing operations gross deferred tax assets are partially offset by a valuation allowance of $8,832 and $1,514 at June 2002 and June 2001, respectively. The allowance at June 2002 represents the write-down to net realizable value of ITC carryforward expiring in 2003, charitable contributions carryforward that expire in 2002-2006, and the write-off of the AMT tax credit of $7,530 due to the uncertainty of sufficient future taxable income being generated to reasonably assure usage of those credits. The allowance in June 2001 was required to reflect the net realizable value of ITC carryforward expiring in 2002 and 2003 and charitable contributions carryforward that expire in 2001-2005. At June 2001, the federal AMT credit can be carried forward indefinitely. The net operating loss (NOL) carryforward expires at various intervals between 2010 and 2020. 65  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 7. INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED) Deferred Taxes (continued) The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities for discontinued operations were as follows: The total discontinued operations gross deferred tax assets are partially offset by a valuation allowance of $16,417 due to the uncertainty of generating future taxable income to fully benefit from the deferred tax assets. 8. SHORT-TERM NOTES PAYABLE At June 30, 2002, Agway had available under its Senior Debt program (described below) a $150,000 short-term line of credit, up to $35,000 of which can be used for letters of credit. The amount available under the Senior Debt is subject to downward adjustment, as discussed below. In addition, subsequent to June 30, 2002, the Senior Debt was amended to reduce the amount available. It was also expected that the Senior Debt will be replaced by the Debtor - in - Possession Financing. See Note 2. At June 30, 2002, letters of credit issued, primarily to back Agway insurance programs, totaled approximately $23,800. The carrying amounts of Agway's short-term borrowings approximate their fair value and were as follows: The interest rate charged on bank lines of credit ranged from 5.84% to 7.25% at June 2002. 66 AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 8. SHORT-TERM NOTES PAYABLE (CONTINUED) Agway Senior Debt The Agway Senior Debt (as amended-see discussion below) is a syndicated three-year asset-based revolving line of credit for up to $150,000 pursuant to the terms of a credit agreement between Agway, certain of its subsidiaries and a syndicated group of lenders (the Credit Agreement). Interest rates are determined, at the option of Agway, as either prime rate plus 2.5% or the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus 4%. In this asset- based line of credit, the amount available to Agway is the lesser of the "collateral borrowing base" or the $150,000 upper limit of the line of credit. The collateral borrowing base consists of certain of Agway's eligible accounts receivable and inventory (as defined under the Credit Agreement). Certain covenants and conditions of the Credit Agreement, as more fully discussed below, restrict the use of funds and reduce the practical availability of financing under the agreement by $25,000 to a maximum of $125,000 or, if lower, to $25,000 less than the collateral borrowing base. As of June 30, 2002, the collateral borrowing base was $115,200, which adequately supported Agway's credit needs which totaled $58,100 as of that date. Subsequent to June 30, 2002, we sold Agway Insurance Company and the Sunflower division of our CPG Group for combined gross proceeds of $42,500. The Credit Agreement was amended in order to permit the release of collateral in each case. The combined effect of these amendments was to reduce the commitment level from $150,000 to $125,000 and to require a $25,000 minimum excess availability of collateral, which effectively reduced the facility to the lower of $100,000 or $25,000 less than the available collateral borrowing base. This availability is adequate for our immediate needs and is expected to be replaced by a new Debtor-in-Possession line of credit (see Note 2.) The current Credit Agreement, dated March 28, 2001, as amended, has a number of financial covenants which restrict our capital spending and require us to maintain minimum levels of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA), as defined in the Credit Agreement, and minimum ratios of EBITDA to fixed charges and interest on senior debt. The Credit Agreement also required a minimum outstanding balance of preferred stock, subordinated debt, and certain debt of a subsidiary. That minimum outstanding balance requirement ranges from $440,000 to $450,000 throughout the year. This minimum amount of capital we must maintain is referred to as the Minimum Capital, and, as of June 30, 2002, the amount of debt and securities outstanding that apply to the Minimum Capital was $458,500 (see discussion below regarding Minimum Capital). The Credit Agreement has been amended three times in response to violations of financial covenants. In connection with those amendments, those violations were waived. As of June 30, 2002, the Company has complied with all covenants contained in its borrowing agreements. Other conditions of the Credit Agreement prevent us, in certain circumstances, from using funds we borrow under the Credit Agreement to pay interest or dividends on, or repurchase or repay principal of, our subordinated debt or preferred stock. Effective June 14, 2002, we stopped the voluntary repurchase or repayment of our subordinated debt and preferred stock. Consequently, the present effect of these restrictions is on our ability to pay interest or dividends. To avoid these use restrictions, the Credit Agreement requires us to have a minimum excess borrowing capacity as defined in the agreement (collateral borrowing base in excess of outstanding amounts borrowed) of at least $20,000 if we are not in default under the Credit Agreement. If we are in default under the Credit Agreement, to avoid these use restrictions, the minimum excess borrowing capacity we must maintain (collateral borrowing base in excess of outstanding amounts borrowed) increases to $25,000. Further, if we are in default under the Credit Agreement, we are subject to these use restrictions if: (a) we default on our payment of principal, interest or other amounts due to the lenders under the Credit Agreement; (b) we fail to maintain the cash management procedures we agree to with the lenders under the Credit Agreement; (c) we do not maintain the Minimum Capital balance of $440,000 to $450,000; or (d) the agent under the Credit Agreement provides us with a written notice that such payments are no longer permitted. The $25,000 minimum excess availability requirement implemented subsequent to June 30, 2002, as discussed above, now imposes a more stringent event of default covenant than the above conditions which were the more stringent conditions throughout the year. 67 AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 9. DEBT Long-Term Debt Long-term debt held by Agway and Agway Financial Corporation (see Note 1- Organization) consists of the following: (a) Obligations under capital leases are principally with Telmark, a discontinued operation of the Company. (b) On July 1, 2001, AFC was merged into Agway Inc. Agway Subordinated Debt Agway registers with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to offer debentures and money market certificates to the public. (Since March 6, 2002, the Company has suspended the sale of Company securities, as explained below.) The debentures are unsecured and subordinated to all senior debt of Agway. The Agway subordinated debt bears interest payable semiannually on January 1 and July 1 of each year. The interest rates of Agway's money market certificates are at the greater of the stated rate or a rate based upon an average discount rate for U.S. Government Treasury Bills, with maturities of 26 weeks. Agway's subordinated debt is not redeemable by the holder. Effective June 14, 2002, the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Agway determined to suspend the Company's historic practice of repurchasing, at face value, eligible Agway Inc. subordinated debentures prior to maturity and preferred stock when presented for repurchase. As disclosed in the Company's periodic reports and the prospectuses relating to the sale of those securities, the Company was under no obligation to repurchase such securities, retained the right to stop or suspend this practice at any time, and could be required to stop or suspend this practice if the conditions of the Credit Agreement were not satisfied. The primary reason for the Board's decision to suspend the Company's repurchase of eligible Agway Inc. subordinated debentures and Agway Inc. preferred stock was to preserve the Company's liquidity during the implementation phase of its planned divestiture of certain business operations, as discussed in Note 3, and to provide the Company with greater flexibility in the event those divestitures do not go as planned. In addition, because the Company is not currently actively raising capital through new sales of securities, the Board determined that suspending the Company's repurchase practice would become necessary in the near future in order to allow the Company to satisfy the Minimum Capital requirement discussed above under Agway Senior Debt. As of June 30, 2002, the Company had $458,500 of preferred stock, subordinated debentures and other interest bearing debt outstanding. 68  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 9. DEBT (CONTINUED) Agway Subordinated Debt (continued) Agway's (formerly AFC's) subordinated debt is not redeemable by the holder. (See discussion of the suspension of the sale of securities and the voluntary repurchase practice relating to subordinated debt of the Company.) The Agway subordinated debt bears interest payable semiannually on January 1 and July 1 of each year. The interest rates of Agway (formerly AFC) money market certificates are at the greater of the stated rate or a rate based upon an average discount rate for U.S. Government Treasury Bills, with maturities of 26 weeks. Maturities: Aggregate annual maturities on long-term debt during the next five years ending June 30 and thereafter are as follows: 69  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 10. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Environmental We are subject to various laws and governmental regulations concerning environmental matters. We expect to be required to expend funds to participate in the remediation of certain sites, including sites where we have been designated by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) as a potentially responsible party (PRP) under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA) and at sites with underground fuel storage tanks. We will also incur other expenses associated with environmental compliance. We are designated as a PRP under CERCLA or as a third party by the original PRPs in several Superfund sites. The liability under CERCLA is joint and several, meaning that we could be required to pay in excess of our pro rata share of remediation costs. As a result of the use and handling of hazardous substances in our normal operations, an unexpected environmental event or significant changes in environmental compliance requirements could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We continually monitor our operations with respect to potential environmental issues, including changes in legal requirements and remediation technologies. Our recorded liability in our financial statements reflects those specific issues where we think remediation activities are likely and where we can estimate the cost of remediation. Estimating the extent of our responsibility for a particular site and the method and ultimate cost of remediation of that site require that we make a number of assumptions. As a result, the ultimate outcome of remediation of a site may differ from our estimates. However, we believe that our past experience provides us with a reasonable basis for estimating our liability. When we receive additional information, we adjust our estimates as necessary. While we do not anticipate that any such adjustment will be material to our financial statements, the result of ongoing and/or future environmental studies or other factors could alter this expectation and require that we record additional liabilities. We currently can't determine whether we will incur additional liabilities in the future or, if we do, the extent or amount of such additional liabilities. Other Agway is also subject to various investigations, claims, and legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters that arise in the ordinary course of its business activities. Each of these matters is subject to various uncertainties, and it is possible that some of these matters may be resolved unfavorably to Agway. Agway has established accruals for matters for which payment is probable and amounts reasonably estimable. Management believes any liability that may ultimately result from the resolution of these matters in excess of amounts provided under the above stated policy will not have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial position, or liquidity of Agway. Agway rents or leases a variety of equipment, vehicles, and building space under operating leases. Rent expense for the years ended June 2002, 2001 and 2000 was approximately $12,500, $12,400 and $13,200, respectively. Future minimum payments under noncancelable operating leases are approximately $8,200, $6,400, $5,400, $5,200 and $4,400 for the years ending June 2003 through 2007, respectively, and approximately $4,100 thereafter. Other Assets The sale of the wholesale procurement and supply system was paid for in part by a note receivable in the original amount of $13,300 that was due and payable January 2003. In connection with a refinancing of the obligor in December 2001, we agreed to extend the $12,500 remaining outstanding balance to February 15, 2003, with a possible extension to August 12, 2003 under certain conditions. In connection with this agreement, we became a secured party in an intercreditor agreement with the obligor's bank group. The June 30, 2002 outstanding balance of $11,400 is included in other assets on the balance sheet. The collectibility of that note receivable is subject to the ongoing successful operation of the obligor or our ability, if necessary, to realize value from the security under the intercreditor agreement. 70 AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 10. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED) Insurance Coverage The Company uses various insurance companies to insure its primary casualty insurance risks as well as to obtain various umbrella/excess liability coverages. On October 3, 2001, the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania approved the petition of the Pennsylvania Insurance Commissioner for an Order of Liquidation for Reliance Insurance Company (RIC). Agway has obtained insurance coverage from RIC in various segments of its insurance programs since 1991. Presently, Agway has four claims which could be affected by this liquidation. Total covered amounts by RIC on these claims as of June 30, 2002 are estimated at $3,200. In addition, future claims could be affected by this liquidation. The liquidation statute establishes certain priorities for payment of claims. Direct policyholders are one of the top priorities for payment. To the extent, if any, RIC is unable to meet its claim obligations to its policyholders and other creditors, certain state insurance guarantee funds may provide additional sources of claim payments. The Company cannot at this time determine the ultimate outcome of this liquidation, its impact on outstanding and future claims against RIC policies held by Agway, or the impact on the Company's financial results. However, it is anticipated that due to this proceeding, the Company, at a minimum, can expect delays in receiving cash settlement for claims outstanding under RIC policies and that we will not receive full value for such claims. Therefore, the Company has established a $1,500 allowance for loss on amounts reimbursable from RIC. In July 2002, our surety provider issued cancellation notices relative to $23,900 of surety bonds supporting our insurance programs. This has no impact on our insurance coverage, but it does give our insurance carriers the right to demand payment of the collateral amount provided by the bonds from the issuer of the bonds. If our surety provider chooses to pay cash to our insurers rather than reissue bonds, our surety would have a right to demand cash payment from us. Because of the cancellation notices issued, our insurers have a right to make demand on our surety provider for $4,625 starting late September and for $6,000 starting late October. We dispute the right of the surety provider to cancel the remaining $13,275 at this time but recognize their right to cancel coverage in the spring of 2003 at the scheduled renewal dates. It is unlikely we would meet those demands and still have cash availability sufficient to meet our operating needs. If we were unable to pay, it would constitute a default under our Credit Agreement. 71  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 11. PREFERRED STOCK Values are whole numbers except where noted as (000s). There are 10,000 shares of authorized preferred stock undesignated as to series, rate, and other attributes. The Series A preferred stock has priority with respect to the payment of dividends. The Series HM preferred stock may be issued only to former members of Agway and no more than one share of such stock may be issued to any one person. The preferred stock has no pre-emptive or conversion rights. Agway had historically provided a market by repurchasing, at par, preferred stock as the holders elect to tender the securities for repurchase, subject to Board of Directors' approval. However, we were under no obligation to repurchase preferred stock when presented to us, retained the right to stop or suspend this practice at anytime, and could be required to stop or suspend this practice if the conditions of our primary credit agreement with a syndicated group of lenders were not satisfied. Effective June 14, 2002, we suspended this practice due to the financial condition of the Company at that time, and the uncertainty of the amount and timing of proceeds from our planned divestiture of certain business operations as further described in Notes 2 and 8. 72  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 12. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING SEGMENT REPORTING Agway reports its continuing operations principally in three business segments as follows: (1) AGRICULTURE engages in the manufacturing, processing, marketing, and direct distribution of various animal feeds, and farm supplies and services for its farmer-members and other customers primarily in the northeastern United States and Ohio. (2) COUNTRY PRODUCTS GROUP engages in the manufacturing, processing and repacking of a variety of agricultural products marketed directly to consumers, retailers, wholesalers and processors. Country Products Group also is involved in the exploration and development of new technologies to benefit agricultural and food businesses. (3) ENERGY operates a full-service energy company which markets and services heating, ventilation and air-conditioning equipment and which sells and delivers fuel oil, kerosene, propane, gasoline and diesel fuel, as well as marketing natural gas and electricity where deregulation makes that possible. Total sales and revenues of each industry segment includes the sale of products and services to unaffiliated customers, as reported in the Agway consolidated statements of operations, as well as sales to other segments of Agway which are competitively priced. The Other category within the summary of business segments includes net corporate expenses, the Agway General Agency, pension income, intersegment eliminations and interest. Total assets in the Other column consist principally of discontinued assets, as detailed in Note 3, and other corporate assets, including the pension asset. As discussed in Note 3, as a result of the discontinuation of certain businesses during the year ended June 30, 2002, the following changes to segments, as previously reported, have been made: The Agriculture segment no longer includes the results of Agronomy and Seedway, and the Leasing and Insurance segments have been deleted. The Country Products Group segment no longer includes Sunflower. The General Agency is now combined in the Other segment. 73  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 12. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED) 74  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 13. AGRICULTURE REALIGNMENT In the second quarter of fiscal 2001, the Agway Board of Directors approved a plan (the Agriculture Plan) to realign the Agriculture segment of Agway's business with the continuing concentration of farming and our farmer-members in the northeastern United States. The realignment into a Feed and Nutrition Division and an Agronomy Division has been completed. In addition, a total of 62 locations have been converted to dealers, sold, or closed and 397 employees at these locations have been paid severance. The 62 locations were comprised of 4 feed mills, 12 feed storage and mix locations, 39 agronomy facilities, and 7 farm stores. During the realignment process, gains experienced on the sale of properties have been recognized when realized, inventories have been reduced to their estimated net realizable values, and operating costs during the transition period are recognized when incurred. As announced on March 6, 2002 (as further described in Note 3), we have decided to exit the agronomy business (among others) and have reported the Agronomy Division operations herein as discontinued operations. Therefore, the financial impact associated with the Agriculture Plan for the years ended June 30, 2002 and 2001, respectively, has been included in the results of continuing and discontinued operations as follows: 14. OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) The components of other income (expense) for the years ended June 2002, 2001 and 2000 are summarized below: 75  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 15. SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES ABOUT CASH FLOWS 16. FINANCIAL AND COMMODITY INSTRUMENTS Fair Value Carrying amounts of trade notes and accounts receivable, financial instruments included in other assets and other liabilities, notes payable, and accounts payable approximate their fair values because of the short-term maturities of these instruments. The fair value of Agway's long-term debt and subordinated debentures is estimated based on discounted cash flow computations using estimated borrowing rates available to Agway ranging from 5.5% to 9.75% in 2002 and 4.5% to 9.75% in 2001. The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of Agway's significant financial instruments held for purposes other than trading at June 30, 2002 and 2001 were as follows: Agway determines the fair value of its exchange-traded contracts based on the settlement prices for open contracts, which are established by the exchange on which the instruments are traded. The fair value of Agway's over-the-counter contracts is determined based on quotes from brokers. As of June 30, 2002, the carrying and fair value of Agway's investment in commodity futures and option contracts was an asset of $4,000. As of June 30, 2001, the carrying and fair value of Agway's investment in commodity futures and option contracts was an asset of $1,700. (1) Fair value of Agway subordinated debentures is not determinable at June 30, 2002. As described in Note 8, effective June 14, 2002, the Company suspended its voluntary practice of repurchasing eligible Agway securities when presented prior to maturity. Furthermore, on October 1, 2002, Agway Inc. intends to file voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. 76  AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 16. FINANCIAL AND COMMODITY INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED) Off-Balance-Sheet Risk In the normal course of business, Agway has letters of credit, performance contracts, and other guarantees that are not reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. In the past, no significant claims have been made against these financial instruments. However, as discussed in Note 2, our surety provider issued cancellation notices relative to $23,900 of surety bonds supporting our insurance programs. This has no impact on our insurance coverage, but it does give our insurance carriers the right to demand payment of the collateral amount provided by the bonds from the issuer of the bonds. If our surety provider chooses to pay cash to our insurers rather than reissue bonds, our surety would have a right to demand cash payment from us. Because of the cancellation notices issued, our insurers have a right to make demand on our surety provider for $4,625 starting late September and for $6,000 starting late October. We dispute the right of the surety to cancel the remaining $13,275 at this time but recognize their right to cancel coverage in the spring of 2003 at the scheduled renewal dates. Credit Risk Agway, operating as an agricultural cooperative primarily in the Northeast, has a concentration of accounts receivable due from farmer-members throughout the region. This concentration of agricultural customers may affect Agway's overall credit risk in that the repayment of farmer-member receivables may be affected by inherent risks associated with (1) the overall economic environment of the region; (2) the impact of adverse regional weather conditions on farming; and (3) changes in the level of government expenditures on farm programs and other changes in government agricultural programs that adversely affect the level of income of farmers. Agway mitigates this credit risk by analyzing farmer-member credit positions prior to extending credit and requiring collateral on long-term arrangements. Energy extends unsecured credit to petroleum wholesalers and residential fuel-oil customers. The credit function within the Energy and Agriculture businesses manages credit risk associated with these trade receivables by routinely assessing the financial strength of its customers. Market Risk Commodity Prices In the normal course of our continuing operations, we have exposure to market risk from price fluctuations associated with commodities such as corn, soy complex, oats, gasoline, distillate and propane. These price fluctuations impact commodity inventories, product gross margins, and anticipated transactions in our Agriculture and Energy businesses. We manage the risk of market price fluctuations of some of these commodities by using commodity derivative instruments. Commodity derivative instruments include exchange-traded futures and option contracts and, in limited circumstances, over-the-counter contracts with third parties. We have policies that specify what we can use commodity derivative instruments for and set limits on the maturity of contracts we enter into and the level of exposure to market price fluctuations that we are trying to protect ourselves against (or hedge). However, because the commodities markets are very volatile, our gains or losses on these contracts might not fully offset the corresponding change in the prices of the underlying commodity, which could lower our earnings. 77  ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE There were no changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting or financial disclosure. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT DIRECTORS The directors of Agway determine Agway policy. The following directors were nominated on a district representation basis by committees representing members within each district. See page 11, Stockholder, Membership and Control of Agway, for a description of the process of nominating and electing directors. Two of the Company's directors, John R. Cook and Thomas Hardy, resigned effective June 12, 2002. In their letters of resignation to the Board, neither Mr. Hardy nor Mr. Cook expressed any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company's operations, policies or practices. Separately, at its June 12, 2002 meeting, the Company's Board of Directors decided to reduce the size of the Board from seventeen directors to twelve directors, effective as of the 2002 Agway annual meeting. In addition to the resignations noted above, three directors, Robert L. Marshman, Carl D. Smith and Joel L. Wenger, will retire from the Board at the end of their current terms. Each of the following directors, except Mr. Cardarelli, is a full-time farmer and has been engaged in full-time farming during the past five years: In addition, Andrew J. Gilbert, Samuel F. Minor, Edwin C. Whitehead, and William W. Young are also directors of Telmark LLC, Agway's wholly owned leasing subsidiary that is a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Gary K. Van Slyke, Chairman of the Board of Directors, earned $60,000 and Andrew J. Gilbert, Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, earned $46,000 for their services for the year ended June 30, 2002. The Chairman is paid at an annual retainer effective rate of $60,000 and the Vice Chairman is paid at an annual retainer effective rate of $45,000. All other directors receive a retainer of $25,000 per year, paid quarterly, for participation on the Agway Inc. Board. In addition, Board Committee Chairmen earned an additional annual retainer fee of $3,000 and each director of Agway Inc. who was also a member of the Agway Insurance Company or Telmark LLC Board of Directors earned an additional $400 or $1,000, respectively; a fee of $200 was also earned by such directors for each day they were involved in business for the Company other than the days where the Agway Inc. Board of Directors was in session. Expenses of Board members incurred in connection with Company business are reimbursed by Agway. 78  ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT DIRECTORS (CONTINUED) Any director of Agway may elect to defer compensation for distribution at a later date. Deferred amounts earn interest and may be paid in a lump sum or in annual installments over a period of up to 20 years. A retirement benefit plan for Board members requires annual payments to retired or permanently disabled directors who served a minimum of six full years as of December 31, 1995. The benefit is computed at $250 for each full year of service and is paid to the director or surviving spouse for a period equal to the years served on the Board through December 31, 1995, the date the plan was terminated. As of June 30, 2002, the present value of accumulated benefits under this plan was approximately $429,200. (1) All correspondence in relation to operational matters should be addressed to D.P. Cardarelli, President and Chief Executive Officer, Agway Inc., P.O. Box 4933, Syracuse, New York 13221. 79  ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The executive officers of Agway provide operating control to carry out the policies established by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board with no guarantee of employment. As of July 1, 2002, Mr. Cardarelli was the only full-time executive officer of Agway who is a member of the Board of Directors. The principal occupation of all executive officers of Agway for the past five years, except for Mr. Lubetkin, has been as an officer or employee of Agway. The following is a listing of these officers as of June 30, 2002: More detailed biographies of each person listed above are set forth below: Mr. Cardarelli served as General Manager and CEO from January 1995; as President and CEO from February 1995 to October 2001; and as a President and CEO and Director from October 2001 to present. Mr. Edinger served as President and Director, Telmark LLC, from February 1988 to present. Mr. Feeney served as Director, Corporate Reporting, from July 1995 to August 1998; and as Corporate Controller from August 1998 to present. Mr. Fox served as Associate General Counsel, from July 1996 to August 2000; as Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Secretary from August 2000 to December 2000; and as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, from January 2001 to present. Mr. Hoefer served as Vice President, Public Affairs, from June 1994 to July 1997; and as Senior Vice President, Public Affairs, from July 1997 to present. Mr. Hopsicker served as Director, Financial Planning, Finance & Control, from December 1994 to October 1995; as Director, Business Development, ARS, from October 1995 to April 1996; as Vice President, Agway Energy Products, from April 1996 to July 1997; as President, Agway Energy Products LLC, from July 1997 to October 2001; and as Executive Vice President, Agriculture and Energy and President, Agway Energy Products LLC, from October 2001 to present. Mr. Lubetkin served as President, Country Products Group, from April 2001 to present. Prior to joining Agway, Mr. Lubetkin served as President, Churny Company (a manufacturer and marketer of specialty foods and subsidiary of Kraft Foods), from February 1995 to February 1999; and as Regional General Manager and Executive Vice President, Metz Baking Company (a commercial manufacturer of fresh baked goods), from February 1999 to March 2000. 80  ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT EXECUTIVE OFFICERS (CONTINUED) Ms. Ohliger served as Assistant Treasurer from September 1992 to August 1998; and as Treasurer from August 1998 to present. Mr. O'Neill served as Senior Vice President, Finance & Control, Treasurer and Controller, from November 1994 to August 1998; and as Senior Vice President, Finance & Control, from August 1998 to present. Mr. O'Neill is also a Director of Telmark LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Agway, and of Planet Polymer Technologies, Inc., of which Agway owns approximately 33% of the outstanding equity. Mr. Parker served as Vice President, Information Services, from September 1994 to May 1996; and as Vice President, Chief Information Officer, from May 1996 to present. Mr. Seeber served as President, Agway Insurance Group, from October 1993 to July 1997; as Senior Vice President, Administrative Services and President, Agway Insurance Group, from July 1997 to November 2000; and as Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer and Chairman and President, Agway Insurance Group, from November 2000 to August 28, 2002, at which time he left the Company in connection with the sale of the Agway Insurance Company. Ms. Smith served as Director, Trust Investments, from September 1993 to April 1997; and as Vice President and Chief Investment Officer from May 1997 to present. 81  ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following table sets forth information regarding annual and long-term compensation for services in all capacities to Agway for the years ended June 30, 2002 and 2001 and June 24, 2000 of those persons who served as (i) the chief executive officer (CEO) at any time during the year, and (ii) the other four most highly compensated executive officers of Agway (other than the CEO) who were serving in such capacity at June 30, 2002 (collectively, the "Named Executive Officers"). (1) Salary and bonus are used in determining the average annual compensation pursuant to the Employees' Retirement Plan of Agway Inc. (see page 84-85). This amount includes all deferred amounts under the Agway Inc. Employees' 401(k) Thrift Investment Plan and the Agway Inc. Employees' Benefit Equalization Plan. (2) Members of the chief executive officer's staff and other executives designated by Agway's chief executive officer are eligible for participation in the Agway Inc. management incentive policy. Contingent upon each individual's performance as determined by the President and CEO, Agway's net earnings, and other performance factors, each eligible executive may be paid a bonus. Bonuses are reflected in the fiscal year earned regardless of payment date. (3) Amounts shown for all officers include contributions made by Agway to the Agway Inc. Employees' 401(k)Thrift Investment Plan, the Agway Inc. Employees' Benefit Equalization Plan, the Agway Inc. Employees' Deferred Compensation Program, and any other payments not appropriately characterized as salary or bonus. Additionally, includes premium payment on a supplemental disability insurance policy paid for by the Company. (4) There were no perquisites paid by Agway in excess of the lesser of $50,000 or 10% of an executive's total salary and bonus for the years disclosed. Except for Mr.Lubetkin. In 2002 and 2001, amounts for Mr. Lubetkin include reimbursement of moving-related expenses incurred in connection with his relocation to Agway Corporate Headquarters, (DeWitt, New York). Total expenses of $248,926 and $125,883 for 2002 and 2001 respectively, include tax "gross ups" of approximately $119,236 and $64,000 for 2002 and 2001, respectively. 82  ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION CERTAIN AGREEMENTS WITH EXECUTIVES Agway does not have formal employment contracts with its named executive officers; all officers are considered employees at will. In connection with the announcement by Agway of its intention to pursue a sale of Agway Insurance Company and Telmark, retention incentive agreements were put into place for Mr. Seeber, and Mr. Edinger. Mr. Seeber's retention agreement provides that any voluntary termination of his employment in connection with a sale of the Company will be considered termination for "good reason," thereby entitling him to a severance payment in an amount equal to one times base salary, plus a pro rata portion of his annual and multi-year incentive bonuses through the date of sale. In addition, if Mr. Seeber remains employed as President of Agway Insurance through the date of sale prior to December 31, 2002 (or March 31, 2003 if a definitive agreement of sale has been executed prior to December 31, 2002), he will receive an incentive bonus equal to the greater of 2% of the gross sale price for the company or $338,000. However, no amount will be paid if Mr. Seeber continues his employment with Agway following the date of sale. The current retention agreement with Mr. Edinger provides that any voluntary termination of his employment in connection with a sale of the Company will be considered termination for "good reason," thereby entitling him to a severance payment in an amount equal to one times base salary, plus a pro rata portion of his annual bonus accrued through the date of sale. In addition, if Mr. Edinger remains employed as President of the Company during the period ended September 30, 2003, he will receive a retention incentive of up to $230,022, with 50% payable on March 31, 2003 and 50% payable on September 30, 2003. In the event Mr. Edinger is employed on the date of a sale of the Company to a third party on or prior to September 30, 2003, the unpaid portion of the foregoing incentive will be accelerated; in addition, Mr. Edinger will receive an incentive bonus payment of $985,000 in connection with the sale, less any amounts payable in connection with the sale or previously paid under the retention agreement. The amount payable to both Mr. Seeber and Mr. Edinger are subject to reduction to the extent necessary to avoid adverse tax consequences under Sections 280G and 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Each of the Company's named executive officers have incentive compensation arrangements related to the achievement of specific goals established in advance, which are typically tied to financial performance of a division or subsidiary. Those incentive arrangements also provide that, in the event the officer leaves for good reason, is terminated without cause, dies, retires or becomes permanently disabled (each as defined in the incentive arrangements), the officer will receive 100% (200% in the case of Mr. Cardarelli and 150% in the case of Mr. Lubetkin) of annual base salary, plus the pro rata payment of the incentive amounts accrued the relevant date. In the event of a change of control during the plan period, the officer will receive 100% (200% in the case of Mr. Cardarelli and 150% in the case of Mr. Lubetkin) of annual base salary, plus payment of the entire incentive amount. In addition, the officers will be eligible to benefit continuation and may also receive outplacement services. 83  ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION EMPLOYEES' RETIREMENT PLAN The Employees' Retirement Plan of Agway Inc. (the Retirement Plan) is a non-contributory defined benefit plan covering nearly all employees. The Retirement Plan was amended effective July 1, 1998, to include a pension equity formula, as well as to recognize incentive compensation as pensionable compensation for all employees. It provides for retirement benefits up to the limits provided by law, based upon average annual compensation received during the highest 36 consecutive months in the last 10 years of service and credits earned for years of service with Agway. Full credits are earned for service on and after July 1, 1998, and credits equal to approximately 3/4 of the full credits are earned for service prior to July 1, 1998. The benefit is defined as an account balance and can be paid out as a lump sum or an annuity. An employee is 100% vested in his benefit after completing 5 years of service or attaining age 55 after completing one year of service. The following table shows estimated annual benefits payable upon retirement using the credit formula in effect for service after June 27, 1998, based on certain 3-year average remuneration levels and years-of-service classifications. Under the formula, base credits are applied to the total average annual compensation and excess credits are applied to the average annual compensation in excess of one-half the Social Security Wage Base. In developing this table, both base and excess credits have been applied to the total average annual compensation. Further, the table was developed assuming a normal retirement at age 65 and an annuity conversion factor based on a 6% interest rate. Active participants are entitled to receive no less than the value of their benefits accrued under the old Retirement Plan benefit formula which was in effect through June 27, 1998. In addition, most active participants whose age plus service totaled 55 years or more as of July 1, 1998, will receive the greater of the benefit determined under the new formula described above, or the benefit determined had the old formula remained in effect (grandfathered). The old Retirement Plan benefit formula is based upon average annual compensation received during the highest 60 consecutive months in the last 10 years of service and credited years of service. Optional earlier retirement and other benefits are also provided. The old formula pays a monthly retirement benefit based on the greater amount calculated under two formulas. The benefit amount under one formula is subject to an offset for social security benefits. 84  ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION EMPLOYEES' RETIREMENT PLAN (CONTINUED) The following table shows estimated annual benefits under the old Retirement Plan formula in effect for service before July 1, 1998, based on certain 5-year average remuneration levels and years-of-service classifications. The table was developed assuming a normal retirement at age 65 and does not reflect an offset for up to 50% of the Social Security benefit, subject to certain minimum benefits.  00 208,000 260,000 312,000 364,000 700,000 56,000 112,000 168,000 224,000 280,000 336,000 392,000 750,000 60,000 120,000 180,000 240,000 300,000 360,000 420,000 800,000 64,000 128,000 192,000 256,000 320,000 384,000 448,000 850,000 68,000 136,000 204,000 272,000 340,000 408,000 476,000 900,000 72,000 144,000 216,000 288,000 360,000 432,000 504,000 950,000 76,000 152,000 228,000 304,000 380,000 456,000 532,000 amounts under the Retirement Plan may be subject to reduction because of the limitations imposed under the Internal Revenue Code. The extent of any reduction in payments from the Retirement Plan will vary in individual cases according to circumstances existing at the time pension payments commence. The Agway Inc. Employees' Benefit Equalization Plan is a non-qualified plan established to provide that the amount of any reduction in annual pension benefits under the Retirement Plan will be paid by Agway Inc. Under terms of an amendment to the Retirement Plan, adopted by the Agway Inc. Board of Directors on May 1, 2002, the Human Resources Committee of the Agway Inc. Board of Directors may, at its discretion from time to time, direct non- discriminatory qualified supplemental retirement benefits initially restricted from payment by the Retirement Plan, and otherwise payable from the Benefit Equalization Plan, to be paid by the Retirement Plan. As discussed in Note 6, on August 1, 2002, subsequent to the Company's fiscal year ended June 30, 2002, the Human Resources Committee approved a non-discriminatory benefit. this change will not impact the total benefit payable to affected participants. The benefits shown are computed on a straight line basis and do not reflect an offset for up to 50% of the Social Security benefit, subject to certain minimum benefits. Also, the benefits are based on continuing the Retirement Plan's benefit formulas as in effect on June 2002. as of June 2002, the named executive officers and their respective number of credited years of service under the Retirement Plan were as follows: Messrs. Cardarelli, 17; Edinger, 23; Hopsicker, 13; Lubetkin, 1; and Seeber, 32. "Compensation" is defined as the regular salary or wages, as reported in the Salary column of the Summary Compensation Table, which is paid to an employee for services rendered to Agway, including overtime, vacation pay, or special pay and bonuses as reported in the Bonus Column of the Executive Compensation disclosure on page 82. 85  11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION DIRECTOR COMPENSATION For a discussion of director compensation, see Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant (Item 10) of this Form 10-K. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDE PARTICIPATION Agway has a committee of certain directors, including the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, which determines the compensation of Donald P. Cardarelli, President and CEO of Agway Inc. The compensation of the other executive officers of Agway Inc. is determined by Mr. Cardarelli. Salaries of all executive officers are included in the annual operating budget, which is approved by the entire Board of Directors of Agway Inc. None of the executive officers or directors who participate in establishing compensation policies had interlocks reportable under Section 402(J) of Regulation S-K. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT None of the executive officers of Agway, either individually or in the aggregate, owns greater than 1% of any class of equity securities of Agway Inc. or its subsidiaries. Agway is an agricultural cooperative and each of its members, including each director, owns one share of $25 par value common stock. None of the directors, either individually or in the aggregate, owns greater than 1% of any class of equity security of Agway Inc. or its subsidiaries. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS Agway's members, including its directors, are customers of Agway and/or its subsidiaries. They purchase products from Agway in the normal course of operating their farm businesses and may sell certain agricultural products to Agway at market prices. The prices, terms, and conditions of any purchase or sale transaction are on the same basis for all of Agway's members. 86  PART IV ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K Schedules other than these listed above have been omitted as they are not required, inapplicable, or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 87  ITEM 14(A)(2). FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT ---------------------------------------------------------- AGWAY INC. (PARENT CO. ONLY) CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) ASSETS 88  ITEM 14(A)(2). FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT ---------------------------------------------------------- AGWAY INC. (PARENT CO. ONLY) CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND RETAINED EARNINGS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 89  ITEM 14(A)(2). FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT ---------------------------------------------------------- AGWAY INC. (PARENT CO. ONLY) CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) 90  ITEM 14(A)(2). FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT ---------------------------------------------------------- AGWAY INC. (PARENT CO. ONLY) NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) BASIS OF PRESENTATION In the preceding condensed financial statements, which represent the parent company only, Agway's investment in subsidiaries is stated at cost plus equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries since the date of acquisition. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with Agway's consolidated financial statements. RECLASSIFICATIONS Certain reclassifications have been made to conform prior year financial statements with the current year presentation. INVENTORIES Inventories consist of the following: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Transactions between Agway Inc. and its unconsolidated subsidiaries are as follows: CONTINGENCIES Agway is also subject to various investigations, claims, and legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters that arise in the ordinary course of its business activities. Each of these matters is subject to various uncertainties, and it is possible that some of these matters may be resolved unfavorably to Agway. Agway has established accruals for matters for which payment is probable and amounts reasonably estimable. Management believes any liability that may ultimately result from the resolution of these matters in excess of amounts provided under the above stated policy will not have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial position, or liquidity of Agway. 91  ITEM 14(A)(2). FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AGWAY INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS) (a) Accounts charged off, net of recoveries. (b) Locations sold. 92  ITEM 14(B). REPORTS ON FORM 8-K AGWAY FILED REPORTS ON FORM 8-K DURING THE FOURTH QUARTER OF THE COMPANY'S FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2002, AS FOLLOWS: May 15, 2002 ------------ To provide restated audited financial statements as of June 30, 2001 and June 24, 2000 and for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended June 30, 2001 that reflect the businesses to be divested, as previously disclosed on March 6, 2002, as discontinued operations. May 23, 2002 ------------ To provide an update on the divestment process. The process to sell Agway Insurance, Agronomy and Seedway is moving along on schedule. With respect to the sale of Telmark, after lengthy negotiations, Agway and a potential buyer were unable to reach final agreement on a sale of Telmark. At this stage, the impact of the delay in the sale of Telmark on our liquidity cannot be predicted with certainty. June 17, 2002 ------------- To announce that effective June 14, 2002, the Board of Directors of Agway Inc. determined to suspend the Company's historic practice of repurchasing, at face value, eligible Agway Inc. subordinated debentures prior to maturity and preferred stock when presented for repurchase. We additionally announced several events that have occurred recently that significantly impact the Company's business prospects and our ability to meet our payment obligations relating to the securities. Finally, we announced that two of the Company's directors, John R. Cook and Thomas Hardy, have resigned effective June 12, 2002 and did not express any disagreement with the Company on any matter. In addition, the Company's Board of Directors decided to reduce the size of the Board from seventeen directors to twelve directors effective as of the date of the Company's 2002 annual meeting.. AGWAY FILED REPORTS ON FORM 8-K SUBSEQUENTLY TO JUNE 30, 2002, BUT PRIOR TO FILING OF THIS FORM 10-K DATED JUNE 30, 2002, AS FOLLOWS: July 31, 2002 ------------- To announce that Agway Inc. and GROWMARK, Inc. signed a Letter of Intent that provides GROWMARK with exclusive rights to negotiate for the possible acquisition of Agway's Agronomy and Seedway businesses and related assets. September 4, 2002 ----------------- On August 28, 2002, Agway announced the completion of the sale of its wholly owned insurance subsidiary, Agway Insurance Company, to Indiana Farm Bureau Insurance Companies. September 13, 2002 ------------------ To announce that CHS Cooperatives and Agway Inc. announced that they signed a definitive agreement under which the Harvest States Division of CHS will acquire Agway's Grandin, N.D.- based Sunflower business. 93  ITEM 14(C)(1). EXHIBITS REQUIRED BY SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION REGULATION S-K (i) The following required exhibits are hereby incorporated by reference to previously filed Registration Statements on Forms S-1, S-2, S-3, or S-7 or on Form 10-K, 10-Q, or 8-K filed on the dates as specified: PLAN OF ACQUISITION, REORGANIZATION, ARRANGEMENT, LIQUIDATION, OR SUCCESSION 2(a) - Certificate of Ownership and Merger merging Agway Financial Corporation with and into Agway Inc., filed by reference to Exhibit 2(a) of Form 8-K, dated July 2, 2001. ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS 3(a) - Certificate creating series of preferred stock of Agway Inc. dated July 5, 1977, filed by reference to Exhibit 3(a)(5) of Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 2-59896, dated September 16, 1977. 3(b) - Certificate creating series of Honorary Member Preferred Stock of Agway Inc. dated June 15, 1981, filed by reference to Exhibit 1(c) of the Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 2-73928, dated September 3, 1981. 3(c) - Agway Inc. By-Laws, as amended May 2, 2002, filed by reference to Exhibit 3(d) of Form 10-Q as of March 31, 2002, dated May 15, 2002. INSTRUMENTS DEFINING THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS, INCLUDING INDENTURES. (SEE ALSO 3(A), (B) AND (C) ABOVE.) 4(a) - The Indenture dated as of September 1, 1978 between Agway Inc. and First Trust and Deposit Company of Syracuse, New York, Trustee, including forms of Subordinated Debentures (Minimum 8.0% per annum) due July 1, 2003, and Subordinated Debentures (Minimum 7.5% per annum) due July 1, 2003, filed by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Registration Statement (Form S-1), File No. 2-62549, dated September 8, 1978. 4(b) - The Indenture dated as of September 1, 1985, between Agway Inc. and Key Bank of Central New York of Syracuse, New York, Trustee, including forms of Subordinated Member Money Market Certificates (Minimum 8% per annum) due October 31, 2005, and Subordinated Money Market Certificates (Minimum 7.5% per annum) due October 31, 2005, filed by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Registration Statement (Form S-2), File No. 2- 99905, dated August 27, 1985. 4(c) - The Indenture dated as of September 1, 1986, between AFC and Key Bank of Central New York of Syracuse, New York, Trustee, including forms of Subordinated Member Money Market Certificates (Minimum 6% per annum) due October 31, 2006, and Subordinated Money Market Certificates (Minimum 5.5% per annum) due October 31, 2006, filed by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Registration Statement (Form S-3), File No. 33-8676, dated September 11, 1986. 4(d) - The Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 1, 1986, among AFC, Agway Inc. and Key Bank of Central New York of Syracuse, New York, Trustee, including forms of subordinated debt securities filed by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Registration Statement (Form S-3), File No. 33-8676, dated September 11, 1986. 94  ITEM 14(C)(1). EXHIBITS REQUIRED BY SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION REGULATION S-K INSTRUMENTS DEFINING THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS, INCLUDING INDENTURES (CONTINUED) 4(e) - The Indenture dated as of August 24, 1987, between AFC and Key Bank of Central New York of Syracuse, New York, Trustee, including forms of Subordinated Member Money Market Certificates (Minimum 6.5% per annum) due October 31, 2008, and Subordinated Money Market Certificates (Minimum 6% per annum) due October 31, 2008, filed by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Registration Statement (Form S-3), File No. 33-16734, dated August 31, 1987. 4(f) - The Indenture dated as of August 23, 1988, between AFC and Key Bank of Central New York of Syracuse, New York, Trustee, including forms of Subordinated Member Money Market Certificates (Minimum 9% per annum) due October 31, 2008, and Subordinated Money Market Certificates (Minimum 8.5% per annum) due October 31, 2008, filed by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Registration Statement (Form S-3), File No. 33-24093, dated August 31, 1988. 4(g) - The Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 14, 1988, among AFC, Agway Inc. and Key Bank of Central New York, National Association, Trustee, amending the Indentures dated as of August 23, 1988, and August 24, 1988, filed on October 18, 1988. 4(h) - The Indenture dated as of August 23, 1989, among AFC, Agway Inc. and Key Bank of Central New York of Syracuse, New York, Trustee, including forms of Subordinated Money Market Certificates and Subordinated Member Money Market Certificates, filed by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Registration Statement (Form S-3), File No. 33-30808, dated August 30, 1989. 4(i) - The Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 24, 1992, among AFC, Agway Inc. and Key Bank of New York, Trustee, amending the Indenture dated as of August 23, 1989, filed by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Registration Statement (Form S-3), File No. 33-52418, dated September 25, 1992. 4(j) - Agreement of Resignation, Appointment and Acceptance among KeyCorp, Key Bank of New York, AFC and Mellon Bank, F.S.B., dated as of September 3, 1996, five agreements, filed by reference to Exhibit 4(o) of the Registration Statement (Form S-3), File No. 333- 34781, dated September 2, 1997. 4(k) - Letter dated November 14, 1997 from Chase Manhattan Bank, as Successor Trustee, to Mellon Bank, F.S.B., filed by reference to Exhibit 4(a) of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated September 21, 2000. 4(l) - The Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 1, 2001 between Agway Financial Corporation, Agway Inc., and The Chase Manhattan Bank, amending the Indentures dated as of September 1, 1986, August 24, 1987, August 23, 1988 (amended by a supplemental indenture dated as of October 14, 1988) and August 23, 1989 (as amended by a supplemental indenture dated as of August 24, 1992), filed by reference to Exhibit 4(a) of Form 8-K, dated July 2, 2001. 95  ITEM 14(C)(1). EXHIBITS REQUIRED BY SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION REGULATION S-K MATERIAL CONTRACTS 10(a) - Credit Agreement with lenders dated March 28, 2001, filed by reference to Exhibit 10(a) of Form 10-Q as of March 24, 2001, dated May 8, 2001. 10(b) - Security Agreement with lenders dated March 28, 2001, filed by reference to Exhibit 10(b) of Form 10-Q as of March 24, 2001, dated May 8, 2001. 10(c) - Pledge Agreement with lenders dated March 28, 2001, filed by reference to Exhibit 10(c) of Form 10-Q as of March 24, 2001, dated May 8, 2001. 10(d) - Intellectual Property Security Agreement with lenders dated March 28, 2001, filed by reference to Exhibit 10(d) of Form 10-Q as of March 24, 2001, dated May 8, 2001. 10(e) - First Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement, dated September 14, 2001, filed by reference to Exhibit 10(e) of Form 10-K as of June 30, 2001, dated September 14, 2001. 10(f) - First Amendment to Security Agreement, dated September 14, 2001, filed by reference to Exhibit 10(f) of Form 10-K as of June 30, 2001, dated September 14, 2001. 10(g) - Pledge Amendment with lenders, dated September 14, 2001, filed by reference to Exhibit 10(g) of Form 10-K as of June 30, 2001, dated September 14, 2001. 10(h) - Vehicle Security and Escrow Agreement with lenders, dated September 14, 2001, filed by reference to Exhibit 10(h) of Form 10-K as of June 30, 2001, dated September 14, 2001. 10(i) - Second Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement, dated January 31, 2002, filed by reference to Exhibit 10(k) of Form 10-Q as of December 31, 2001, dated February 4, 2002. 10(j) - Third Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement, dated April 3, 2002, filed by reference to Exhibit 10(l) of Form 10-Q as of March 31, 2002, dated May 15, 2002. 10(k) - Waiver to Credit Agreement, dated May 13, 2002, filed by reference to Exhibit 10(m) of form 10-Q as of March 31, 2002, dated May 15, 2002. (ii) The following exhibits are filed as a separate section of this report: ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS 3(d) - Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated October 3, 1989, filed herewith. MATERIAL CONTRACTS 10(l) - Consent and Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated July 30, 2002, filed herewith. 10(m) - Consent and Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated September 13, 2002, filed herewith. 10(n) - Directors - Deferred Compensation Agreement, filed herewith. 10(o) - Board Officers - Deferred Compensation Agreement, filed herewith. 96  ITEM 14(C)(1). EXHIBITS REQUIRED BY SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION REGULATION S-K MATERIAL CONTRACTS (CONTINUED) 10(p) - Incentive plans for period beginning July 1, 2002 for Mr. Donald P. Cardarelli, filed herewith. 10(q) - Incentive plans for period beginning July 1, 2003 for Mr. Donald P. Cardarelli, filed herewith. 10(r) - Incentive plans for period beginning July 1, 2002 for Mr. Michael R. Hopsicker, filed herewith. 10(s) - Incentive plans for period beginning July 1, 2003 for Mr. Michael R. Hopsicker, filed herewith. 10(t) - Letter dated October 26, 2001 between Mr. Michael R. Hopsicker and Mr. Donald P. Cardarelli, filed herewith. 10(u) - Letter dated April 20, 2001 between Mr. Roy Lubetkin and Mr. Donald P. Cardarelli, filed herewith. 10(v) - Indemnification agreement dated April 30, 2001 between Agway and Mr. Roy Lubetkin, filed herewith. 10(w) - Incentive plans for period beginning July 1, 2002 for Mr. Roy Lubetkin, filed herewith. 10(x) - Incentive plans for period beginning July 1, 2003 for Mr. Roy Lubetkin, filed herewith. 10(y) - Incentive plans for period beginning July 1, 2002 for Mr. Dan Edinger, filed herewith. 10(z) - Incentive plans for period beginning July 1, 2003 for Mr. Dan Edinger, filed herewith. 10(aa)- Letter dated September 26, 2002 to Mr. D. J. Edinger from Mr. Donald P. Cardarelli concerning stay pay, filed herewith. 10(ab)- Incentive plans for period beginning July 1, 2002 for Mr. Jerry Seeber, filed herewith. 10(ac)- Letter dated January 14, 2002 to Mr. G. R. Seeber from Mr. Donald P. Cardarelli concerning stay pay, filed herewith. 10(ad)- Stock Purchase Agreement Between Agway Inc. and United Farm Family Mutual Insurance Company, dated June 14, 2002, filed herewith. 10(ae)- Asset Purchase Agreement By and Between Agway, Inc. and Cenex Harvest States Cooperatives, dated as of September 10, 2002, filed herewith. 12 - STATEMENT RE COMPUTATION OF RATIOS 21 - SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 23 - CONSENTS OF EXPERTS AND COUNSEL 99 - SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 CERTIFICATIONS - - 99.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - - 99.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 97  SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. AGWAY INC. (Registrant) By /s/ Donald P. Cardarelli ----------------------------------------- DONALD P. CARDARELLI PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND DIRECTOR (PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER) Date September 27, 2002 ---------------------------------------- Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 98  99 CERTIFICATIONS UNDER NEW EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13A-14 -------------------------------------------------- AND 15D-14 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 -------------------------------------- I, Donald P. Cardarelli, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Agway Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report. Date: September 27, 2002 -------------------------------------------- /s/ Donald P. Cardarelli -------------------------------------------- Donald P. Cardarelli President and Chief Executive Officer 100  CERTIFICATIONS UNDER NEW EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13A-14 -------------------------------------------------- AND 15D-14 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 -------------------------------------- I, Peter J. O'Neill, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Agway Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report. Date: September 27, 2002 -------------------------------------------- /s/ Peter J. O'Neill -------------------------------------------- Peter J. O'Neill Senior Vice President, Finance & Control 101  SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION TO BE FURNISHED WITH REPORTS FILED PURSUANT TO SECTION 15(D) OF THE ACT BY REGISTRANTS WHICH HAVE NOT REGISTERED SECURITIES PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE ACT. As of the date of this filing on Form 10-K, the Registrant has not had available to be sent to security holders the annual report for fiscal year ended June 30, 2002. Subsequent to the filing of the annual report on Form 10-K, the Registrant shall furnish security holders and the Commission with the annual report. 102  Note: The annual report on Form 11-K for the year ended June 30, 2002 of Agway Inc. Employees' 401(k) Thrift Investment Plan will be filed separately at a later date.  EX-3.(I) 3 certificateofcorp.txt CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 ------------------------- EXHIBITS FILED WITH FORM 10-K JUNE 30, 2002 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AGWAY INC.  EXHIBIT 3  STATE OF DELAWARE [LOGO] OFFICE OF SECRETARY OF STATE I, MICHAEL RATCHFORD, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF THE CERTIFICATE OR RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF "AGWAY, INC." FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE THIRD DAY OF OCTOBER, A.D. 1989, AT 10 O'CLOCK A.M.                     /s/ Michael Ratchford ------------------------------------- Michael Ratchford, Secretary of State [DEPARTMENT OF STATE] [DELAWARE SEAL] AUTHENTICATION:  3433813 DATE: 04/30/1992 722121041  RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF AGWAY INC. AGWAY, INC., a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "Corporation"), does hereby certify that: 1. The name of the Corporation is AGWAY, INC., and the name under which the Corporation was originally incorporated is GLF--EASTERN STATES ASSOCIATION. The date of filing its original Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State was January 2, 1964. 2. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation only re states and integrates and does not further amend the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation as heretofore amended or supplemented and there is no discrepancy between those provisions and the provisions of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 3. The text of the Certificate of Incorporation as amended or supplemented heretofore is hereby restated without further amendments or changes to read as herein set forth in full: FIRST. The name of the Corporation is AGWAY, INC. SECOND. Its registered office in the State of Delaware is located at 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle. The name and address of its resident agent is The Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange 1  Street, Wilmington, Delaware. THIRD. The nature of the business and the objects and purposes to be transacted, promoted and carried on and the powers to be exercised are as follows: (1) To purchase, manufacture, and otherwise acquire and procure; to store, transport, process and otherwise handle; to distribute, sell, lease, and otherwise furnish and supply: any and all kinds of farm, garden, orchard, and other supplies, (including petroleum and its products), material and equipment used by farmers or used in the production of agricultural products or livestock and their products, or by-products of any of the foregoing; and in connection with any of the foregoing to furnish financing and other services to patrons; and to furnish and finance facilities and agencies through which any such operations may be conducted; and (2) To receive, purchase, and otherwise acquire; to grade, pack, process, manufacture, store and otherwise handle; to market, sell, transport and otherwise deal in: any and all kinds of farm, orchard, garden, or other agricultural products or livestock and their products, and by-products of any of the foregoing; and to furnish and finance facilities and agencies through 2  which any or all of such products of its members and other producers may be marketed or processed and marketed. In furtherance of the foregoing purposes and powers and in addition thereto, the Corporation shall have, enjoy and exercise the following specific powers, but the specific powers hereinafter enumerated shall in no wise constitute or be construed as constituting any curtailment or limitation of the general powers enumerated above. (3) To manufacture, purchase or otherwise acquire, invest in, own, mortgage, pledge, sell, assign and transfer or otherwise dispose of, trade, deal in and deal with goods, wares and merchandise and personal property of every class and description. (4) To acquire, and pay for in cash, stock or bonds of the corporation or otherwise, the good will, rights, assets and property, and to undertake or assume the whole or any part of the obligations or liabilities of any person, firm association or corporation. (5) To acquire, hold, use, sell, assign, lease, grant licenses in respect of, mortgage or otherwise dispose of letters patent of the United States or any foreign country, patent rights, licenses and privileges, inventions, improvements and processes, copyrights, trademarks and trade 3  names, relating to or useful in connection with any business of the Corporation. (6) To acquire by purchase, subscription or otherwise, and to receive, hold, own, guarantee, sell, assign, exchange, transfer, mortgage, pledge or otherwise dispose of or deal in and with any of the shares of the capital stock, or any voting trust certificates in respect of the shares of capital stock, scrip, warrants, rights, bonds, debentures, notes, trust receipts, and other securities, obligations, choses in action and evidences of indebtedness or interest issued or created by any corporations, joint stock companies, syndicates, associations, firms, trusts or persons, public or private, or by the government of the United States of America, or by any foreign government, or by any state, territory, province, municipality or other political subdivision or by any governmental agency, and as owner thereof to possess and exercise all the rights, powers, and privileges of ownership, including the right to execute consents and vote thereon, and to do any and all acts and things necessary or advisable for the preservation, protection, improvement and enhancement in value thereof. (7) To purchase or otherwise acquire all or any part of the business, good will, rights, property and assets of all kinds, and assume all or any part of the liabilities of any corporation, association, partnership or person 4  engaged in any business included in the powers or objects of this Corporation. To acquire and take over as a going concern, and to carry on the business of any person, firm, association or corporation engaged in any business which this corporation is authorized to carry on, or, in connection therewith, to acquire the good will, and all or any part of the assets, and to assume or otherwise provide for all or any of the liabilities of the owner or owners of such business. (8) To enter into, make and perform contracts of every kind and description including contracts of agency in which it may be principal or agent and including also agreements of partnership and joint venture agreements as a general or limited partner or in any other capacity with any other person, firm, association, corporation, municipality, county, state, body politic or government or colony or dependency thereof. (9) To borrow or raise moneys for any of the purposes of the corporation and, from time to time, without limit as to amount, to draw, make, accept, endorse, execute and issue promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange, warrants, bonds, debentures and other negotiable or nonnegotiable instruments and evidences of indebtedness, and to secure the payment of any thereof and of the interest thereon by mortgage upon or pledge, conveyance or assignment in 5 trust of the whole or any part of the property of the Corporation, whether at the time owned or thereafter acquired, and to sell, pledge, or otherwise dispose of such bonds or other obligations of the Corporation for its corporate purposes. (10) To purchase, hold, sell and transfer the shares of its own capital stock; provided it shall not use its funds or property for the purchase of its own shares of capital stock when such use would cause any impairment of its capital except as otherwise permitted by law, and provided further that shares of its own capital stock belonging to it shall not be voted directly or indirectly. (11) To have one or more offices, to carry on all or any of its operations and business and without restriction or limit as to amount to purchase or otherwise acquire, hold, operate, own, mortgage, sell, convey or otherwise dispose of, real and personal property of every class and description in any of the states, districts, territories or colonies of the United States, and in any and all foreign countries, subject to the laws of such state, district, territory, colony or country. (12) In general, to carry on any other business in connection with the foregoing, and to have and exercise all the powers conferred by the laws of Delaware upon corporations formed under the General Corporation Law of the 6  State of Delaware, and to do any or all of the things hereinbefore set forth and everything incidental or appropriate for the accomplishment of any of the objects or the furtherance of any of the powers hereinbefore set forth to the same extent as natural persons might or could do. (13) The foregoing clauses shall be construed both as objects, purposes and powers and the objects, purposes and powers specified in the foregoing clauses shall, except where otherwise expressed, be in nowise limited or restricted by reference to, or inference from the terms of any other clause in this Certificate of Incorporation, but the objects, purposes and powers specified in each of the foregoing clauses of this article shall be regarded as independent objects, purposes and powers. FOURTH. The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is one million two hundred eighty thousand (1,280,000) of which stock: nine hundred eighty thousand (980,000) shares of the par value of one hundred dollars ($100) each amounting in the aggregate to ninety-eight million dollars ($98,000,000) shall be preferred stock; and three hundred thousand (300,000) shares of the par value of twenty- five dollars ($25) each amounting in 7  the aggregate to seven million five hundred thousand dollars ($7,500,000) shall be common stock. (1) The preferred stock shall have no voting rights. The Corporation shall be entitled from time to time to retire any series or the whole of such preferred stock, or by lot any portion thereof, upon payment of all accrued dividends and the par value thereof. The holders of the Series A preferred stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, preferential dividends at the rate of 6% per annum before any dividends shall be declared, or paid, or set aside for any other series of preferred stock or for the common stock. Such dividends shall be cumulative. The Board of Directors may declare dividends on the Series A preferred stock from time to time greater than 6% per annum, but not to exceed 10% per annum or the maximum dividend rate allowed by applicable laws and regulations. There shall be authorized three hundred fifty thousand (350,000) shares of Series A preferred stock. The holders of the Series B preferred stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, preferential dividends at the rate of 8% per annum before any dividends shall be declared, or paid, or set aside for any of the common stock. Such dividends 8  shall be cumulative. The Board of Directors may declare dividends on the Series B preferred stock from time to time greater than 8% per annum, but not to exceed 10% per annum or the maximum dividend rate allowed by applicable laws and regulations. There shall be authorized two hundred fifty thousand (250,000) shares of Series B preferred stock. The holders of the Series B-1 preferred stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, preferential dividends at the rate of eight percent (8%) per annum before any dividends shall be declared or paid, or set aside for any of the common stock. Such dividends shall be cumulative. The Board of Directors may declare dividends on the Series B-1 preferred stock from time to time greater than 8% per annum, but not to exceed 10% per annum or the maximum dividend rate allowed by applicable laws and regulations. There shall be authorized one hundred forty thousand (140,000) shares of Series B-1 preferred stock. The holders of the Series C preferred stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors of this Corporation, preferential dividends at the rate of 7% per annum before any dividends shall be declared, or paid, or set aside for any of the common stock. Such dividends shall be cumulative. The Board of Directors may declare dividends on the Series 9  C preferred stock from time to time greater than 7% per annum, but not to exceed 10% per annum or the maximum dividend rate allowed by applicable laws and regulations. There shall be authorized one hundred fifty thousand shares (150,000) of Series C preferred stock. The holders of any other series of preferred stock authorized hereinafter shall be entitled to receive when and as declared by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, preferential dividends at a rate per annum fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors at the time shares of any such series of preferred stock are issued. The authority to create and issue any new series of preferred stock and to increase the authorized number of shares of Series A, Series B, Series B-1, and Series C preferred stock is hereby delegated to the Board of Directors of the Corporation, and there is expressly vested in said Board the right to fix the designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions and authorized number of shares of any series of preferred stock. Dividends on such preferred stock shall be declared, or paid, or set aside before any dividends are paid on the common stock. Such dividends shall be cumulative. 10  There shall be an equal order of priority with respect to the payment of dividends among all series of preferred stock, except Series A preferred stock which shall have priority over all other series of preferred stock with respect to dividends. In the event of dissolution or liquidation, the Series A preferred stock shall be redeemed in full before any payment is made to the holders of other series of preferred stock, revolving fund certificates, common stock, patrons' equities or retained margins. All other series of preferred stock shall have equal priority in dissolution or liquidation and, after the Series A preferred stock is redeemed in full, shall be redeemed before the holders of revolving fund certificates, common stock, patrons' equities or retained margins. The holders of the Series HM preferred stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors of this Corporation, preferential dividends at such rate per annum as is declared by the Board of Directors, but not to exceed the maximum dividend rate allowed by applicable laws and regulations, before any dividends shall be declared or paid, or set aside for the common stock. Such dividends shall not be cumulative. There shall be authorized eighty thousand shares (80,000) of Series HM preferred stock. 11  In the event of dissolution or liquidation, the Series A preferred stock, Series B preferred stock, Series B-1 preferred stock, and Series C preferred stock shall be redeemed in full before any payment is made to the holders of Series HM preferred stock, revolving fund certificates, common stock, patrons' equities or retained margins. The Series HM preferred stock shall be redeemed in full before any distribution to holders of patrons' equities or retained margins. (2) The common stock shall be designated $25 Par Value Membership Common Stock; it shall carry the exclusive voting rights of the Corporation, each full share having one vote and fractional shares having no vote. Dividends not exceeding 8% per annum may be paid on such stock when and as declared by the Board of Directors. Such dividends shall not be cumulative. If any holder of such stock ceases to be a member of the Corporation, either because he owns less than a full share of such stock, or because he has ceased to be a farmer, or because he has done no business with the Corporation since the beginning of its preceding fiscal year, such stock held by him may be presented or called for redemption. Effective upon any such call for redemption, the stock so called shall thereafter have no right to vote or to receive any dividends. In the event of redemption, dissolution or otherwise, each share or fractional share of such 12  stock shall be entitled to its par value plus any dividend theretofore declared and unpaid, but no more. In the event of dissolution, after the retirement of preferred stock and after payment in full to holders of revolving fund certificates, such amount shall be paid with respect to such stock before any distribution to holders of patrons' equities or retained margins. Such stock shall not be transferable other than to the Corporation except with its written consent endorsed on the certificate. The Board of Directors is hereby expressly authorized to determine and state, in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such stock, the voting powers and the designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, and to issue one or more series of stock within any class with such voting powers and with such designations, preferences and relative, participating option or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof as may be determined by the Board. FIFTH. The minimum amount of capital with which the Corporation will commence business is one thousand dollars ($1,000). SIXTH. The Corporation is to have perpetual existence. 13  SEVENTH. The private property of the stockholders shall not be subject to the payment of corporate debts to any extent whatever. EIGHTH. The following additional provisions are inserted for the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation and creating, defining, limiting and regulating the powers of the Corporation, the directors and the stockholders: (1) The Board of Directors shall have and may exercise all corporate powers of the Corporation except such as by law or this Certificate of Incorporation are reserved to the stockholders. (2) No stockholder shall have any pre-emptive right to subscribe for any issue of stock of the Corporation, whether now or hereafter authorized. (3) Meetings of stockholders and directors may be held outside the State of Delaware, if the by-laws so provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any provisions contained in the statutes) outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or in the by-laws of the Corporation. Elections of directors need not be by ballot unless the by-laws of the Corporation shall so provide. 14  (4) The directors elected at the first annual meeting following the completion of the first full year of the Corporation shall be divided into three classes; the term of office of those of the first class to expire at the annual meeting next ensuing; of the second class one year thereafter; of the third class two years thereafter; and at each annual election held after such classification and election, directors shall be chosen for a full term of three years to succeed those whose terms expire. NINTH. In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized: To make, alter or repeal the by-laws of the Corporation. To authorize and cause to be executed mortgages and liens upon the real and personal property of the Corporation. By resolution passed by a majority of the whole board, to designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of two or more of the directors of the Corporation, which, to the extent provided in the resolution or in the by-laws of the Corporation, shall have and may exercise the powers of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. Such committee or committees shall have such name or names as 15  may be stated in the by-laws of the Corporation or as may be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors. TENTH. The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation. 4. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted by the Board of Directors in accordance with Section 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said AGWAY, INC. has caused this certificate to be signed by David M. Hayes, its Vice President, and attested by Barbara S. Woolard, its Assistant Secretary, this 29th day of September, 1989. AGWAY, INC. By: /s/ David M. Hayes ----------------------- David M. Hayes Vice President ATTEST: By: /s/ Barbara S. Woolard ----------------------- Barbara S. Woolard Assistant Secretary  EX-10 4 exhibit10.txt MATERIAL CONTRACTS EXHIBIT 10.(l)  CONSENT AND FOURTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT ------------------------------------------------ CONSENT AND FOURTH AMENDMENT, dated as of July 30, 2002 (this "Consent"), to the Credit Agreement referred to below among AGWAY, INC., a ------- Delaware corporation, FEED COMMODITIES INTERNATIONAL LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, BRUBAKER AGRONOMIC CONSULTING SERVICE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, AGWAY GENERAL AGENCY, INC., a New York corporation, COUNTRY BEST ADAMS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, COUNTRY BEST-DEBERRY LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, AGWAY ENERGY PRODUCTS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, AGWAY ENERGY SERVICES-PA, INC., a Delaware corporation, and AGWAY ENERGY SERVICES, INC., a Delaware corporation, as Borrowers (the "Borrowers"), THE OTHER CREDIT PARTIES SIGNATORY THERETO (the --------- "Credit Parties"), THE LENDERS SIGNATORY THERETO FROM TIME TO TIME (the --------------- "Lenders"), and GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION, as Agent ("Agent") and as ------- ----- a Lender. W I T N E S S E T H - - - - - - - - - - WHEREAS, Borrowers, the Credit Parties, the Lenders and Agent are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2001 (including all annexes, exhibits and schedules thereto, and as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Credit Agreement"); ---------------- WHEREAS, Agway, Inc. has entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with United Farm Family Mutual Insurance Company dated as of June 14, 2002 in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A (the "Stock Purchase Agreement") ------------------------------ whereby Agway, Inc. is, among other things, selling shares of capital stock of Agway Insurance Company; WHEREAS, the Agent and Lenders have agreed to consent to the sale of certain Collateral and the amendment of the Credit Agreement, in the manner, and on the terms and conditions, provided for herein; NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt, adequacy and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein ----------- shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement or Annex A -------- thereto.  2. Consent. As of the Consent Effective Date (as hereinafter ------ defined), Agent and Lenders hereby consent to (i) the sale by Agway, Inc. of the "Purchased Shares", as such term is defined in Section 1.1 of the Stock Purchase Agreement and (ii) the sale by Agway, Inc. or Related Persons (as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement) of Agway, Inc. of the "Agway, Inc. Assets," as such term is defined in Section 1.1 of the Stock Purchase Agreement, provided that (i) the "Agway, Inc. Assets" shall not be transferred or - -------- conveyed to Agway Insurance Company until Closing (as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement); and (ii) the aggregate net proceeds from the sale shall be applied to prepay the Loans pursuant to Section 1.3(b)(ii) of the Credit ------------------ Agreement. 3. Amendments. ---------- (a) Annex A of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as of ------- the Consent Effective Date by: (i) deleting the definition of "Commitments" and inserting in lieu thereof: "`Commitments'" means (a) as to any Lender, the aggregate of ------------ such Lender's Revolving Loan Commitment (including without duplication the Swing Line Lender's Swing Line Commitment as a subset of its Revolving Loan Commitment) as set forth on Annex J ------- to the Agreement or in the most recent Assignment Agreement executed by such Lender and (b) as to all Lenders, the aggregate of all Lenders' Revolving Loan Commitments (including without duplication the Swing Line Lender's Swing Line Commitment as a subset of its Revolving Loan Commitment), which aggregate commitment shall be One Hundred Twenty-Five Million Dollars ($125,000,000) on the Consent Effective Date (as defined in the Consent and Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of July 30, 2002), as to each of clauses (a) and (b), as such Commitments may be reduced, amortized or adjusted from time to time in accordance with the Agreement." (ii) deleting the definition of "Revolving Loan Commitment" and inserting in lieu thereof: "'Revolving Loan Commitment' means (a) as to any Lender, the --------------------------- aggregate commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Credit Advances or incur Letter of Credit Obligations as set forth on Annex J to the Agreement or in the most recent Assignment -------- Agreement executed by such Lender and (b) as to all Lenders, the aggregate commitment of all Lenders to make Revolving Credit  Advances or incur Letter of Credit Obligations, which aggregate commitment shall be One Hundred Twenty- Five Million Dollars ($125,000,000) on the Consent Effective Date (as defined in the Consent and Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of July 30, 2002), as such amount may be adjusted, if at all, from time to time in accordance with the Agreement." (b) Annex J of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as of ------- the Consent Effective Date by deleting such Annex in its entirety and replacing it with a new Annex J attached hereto as Exhibit B. ------- --------- (c) Section 1.1(a)(iii) of the Credit Agreement is hereby ------------------- ammended as of the Consent Effective Date by deleting the last sentence of such section in its entirety and inserting in lieu thereof the following: "Except as otherwise provided in Section 1.11(b), the authority --------------- of Agent to make Overadvances is limited to an aggregate amount not to exceed One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) at any time, shall not cause the aggregate Revolving Loan to exceed the Maximum Amount, and may be revoked prospectively by a written notice to Agent signed by Revolving Lenders holding more than 50% of the Revolving Loan Commitments." (d) Annex G of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as of ------- the Consent Effective Date by deleting section (h) thereunder in its entirety and inserting in lieu thereof the following new section (h) to read as follows: "(h) Minimum Excess Availability. Borrowers and their ---------------------------- Subsidiaries (excluding all Telmark Entities, Agway Insurance Company and all of their respective Subsidiaries) at all times shall have Borrowing Availability, after giving effect to Eligible Accounts, Eligible Deferred Accounts and Eligible Inventory of Borrowers supporting Revolving Credit Advances and all Letter of Credit Obligations (on a pro forma basis, with trade payables being paid in the ordinary course, and expenses and liabilities being paid in the ordinary course of business and without acceleration of sales) of at least Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000), provided however, upon closing and consummation of -------- ------- the Stock Purchase Agreement between Agway, Inc. and United Farm Family Mutual Insurance Company, dated June 14, 2002 and if a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, such  Borrowing Availability shall be at least Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000)." 4. Representations and Warranties. To induce Agent and Lenders ------------------------------ to enter into this Consent, Borrowers hereby represent and warrent that: (a) The execution, delivery and performance by Borrowers of this Consent (i) are within Borrowers' respective corporate powers, (ii) has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate and shareholder action, and (iii) is not in contravention of any provision of any Borrower's charter or bylaws or equivalent organizational documents. (b) This Consent has been duly executed and delivered by or on behalf of Borrowers. (c) The Consent constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Borrowers, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms. (d) Except for those expressly waived pursuant to the First Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement dated as of September 14, 2001, the Second Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement dated as of January 31, 2002, the Third Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement dated as of April 3, 2002, and the Waiver under Credit Agreement dated as of May 13, 2002, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing after giving effect to this Consent. (e) No action, claim or proceeding is now pending or, to the knowledge of Borrowers, threatened against Borrowers, at law, in equity or otherwise, before any court, board, commission, agency or instrumentality of any federal, state, or local government or of any agency or subdivision thereof, or before any arbitrator or panel of arbitrators, which challenges Borrowers' right, power, or competence to enter into this Consent or, to the extent applicable, perform any of their obligations under this Consent, the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, or the validity or enforceability of this Consent, the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document or an action taken under this Consent, the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document or except for items on Disclosure Schedule (3.13) or notifications sent to Agent since the -------------------------- Closing Date, which if determined adversely, is reasonably likely to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect after giving effect to this Consent. Except for items on Disclosure Schedule (3.13) or notifications sent to Agent since the -------------------------- Closing Date, to the knowledge of Borrowers, there does not exist a state of facts which is reasonably likely to give rise to such proceedings. (f) The representations and warranties of the Borrowers contained in the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document shall be true and correct on and as of the Consent Effective Date (as hereinafter defined) with the same effect as if such representations and warranties had been made on and  as of such date, except that any such representation or warranty which is expressly made only as of a specified dated need be true only as of such date. 5. No Other Consents/Waivers. Except as expressly provided ------------------------- herein, (i) the Credit Agreement shall be unmodified and shall continue to be in full force and effect in accordance with its terms and (ii) this Consent shall not be deemed a waiver of any term or condition of any Loan Document and shall not be deemed to prejudice any right or rights which the Agent or any Lender may now have or may have in the future under or in connection with any Loan Document or any of the instruments or agreements referred to therein, as the same may be amended from time to time. Except as otherwise provided for herein, nothing set forth herein shall be deemed to be a consent by Agent or Lenders with respect to any sale or other disposition by Borrowers of any assets. 6. Outstanding Indebtedness; Waiver of Claims. Each of Borrowers ------------------------------------------ and other Credit Parties hereby acknowledges and agrees that as of July 30, 2002 the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loan is $47,276,378.81 and that such principal amount is payable pursuant to the Credit Agreement without defense, offset, withholding, counterclaim or deduction of any kind. Borrowers and each other Credit Party hereby waives, releases, remises and forever discharges Agent, Lenders and each other Indemnified Person from any and all claims, suits, actions, investigations, proceedings or demands arising out of or in connection with the Credit Agreement (collectively, "Claims"), whether based in contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute or common law of any kind or character, known or unknown, which any Borrower or any other Credit Party ever had, now has or might hereafter have against Agent or Lenders which relates, directly or indirectly, to any acts or omissions of Agent, Lenders or any other Indemnified Person on or prior to the Consent Effective Date (as hereinafter defined), provided, that no Borrower nor any other Credit Party waives any Claim solely to - -------- the extent such Claim relates to the Agent's or any Lender's gross negligence or willful misconduct. 7. Expenses. Borrowers hereby reconfirm their obligations -------- pursuant to Sections 1.9 and 11.3 of the Credit Agreement to pay and reimburse ------------- ---- Agent and the Lenders for all reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable fees of counsel) incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Consent and all other documents and instruments delivered in connection herewith. 8. Effectiveness. This Consent shall become effective as of ------------- July 30, 2002 (the "Consent Effective Date") only upon satisfaction in full in the judgment of Agent of each of the following conditions: (a) Consent. Agent shall have received six (6) original copies ------- of this Consent duly executed and delivered by Agent, the Requisite Lenders and Borrowers.  (b) Payment of Expenses. Borrowers shall have paid to Agent ------------------- all costs, fees and expenses owing in connection with this Consent and the other Loan Documents and due to Agent (including, without limitation, reasonable legal fees and expenses). (c) Stock Purchase Agreement. The Agent shall have received a ------------------------ true and complete copy of the StockPurchase Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, duly authorized and executed together with all schedules, exhibits, amendments, supplements, modifications, assignments and all other documents delivered pursuant thereto or in connection therewith. (d) Representations and Warranties. The representations and ------------------------------ warranties of or on behalf of the Borrowers in this Consent shall be true and correct on and as of the Consent Effective Date. 9. GOVERNING LAW. THIS CONSENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND ------------- INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 10. Counterparts. This Consent may be executed by the parties ------------ hereto on any number of separate counterparts and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. (SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS)  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Consent to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written. BORROWERS AGWAY, INC. FEED COMMODITIES INTERNATIONAL LLC BRUBAKER AGRONOMIC CONSULTING SERVICE LLC COUNTRY BEST-DEBERRY LLC AGWAY ENERGY PRODUCTS LLC AGWAY ENERGY SERVICES-PA, INC. AGWAY ENERGY SERVICES, INC. COUNTRY BEST ADAMS, LLC By: /s/ Karen J. Ohliger -------------------------------------------- Name: Karen J. Ohliger -------------------------------------------- Title: Treasurer -------------------------------------------- AGWAY GENERAL AGENCY, INC. By: /s/ Karen J. Ohliger -------------------------------------------- Name: Karen J. Ohliger -------------------------------------------- Title: Asst. Treasurer -------------------------------------------- LENDERS COBANK, ACB By: /s/ K. E. Hide -------------------------------------------- Name: K. E. Hide -------------------------------------------- Title: Vice President --------------------------------------------  COOPERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEEN BANK B.A., "Rabobank Nederland" New York Branch By: /s/ Floyd Smith /s/ Edward J. Peyser -------------------------------------------- Name: Floyd Smith Edward J. Peyser -------------------------------------------- Title: Vice-President Managing Director -------------------------------------------- GMAC BUSINESS CREDIT, LLC By: /s/ Charles D. Stephenson -------------------------------------------- Name: Charles D. Stephenson -------------------------------------------- Title: SVP -------------------------------------------- GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION, as Agent and Lender By: /s/ Pieter H. Smit -------------------------------------------- Name: Pieter H. Smit -------------------------------------------- Title: Its Duty Authorized Signatory  EXHIBIT A TO CONSENT See attached Stock Purchase Agreement dated June 14, 2002.  EXHIBIT B --------- ANNEX J (from Annex A - Commitments definition) -------------------------------- to CREDIT AGREEMENT ---------------- Lender(s) --------- Revolving Loan Commitment (including a Swing Line Commitment of $10,000,000) $53,571,428.57 General Electric Capital Corporation Revolving Loan Commitment $37,142,857.14 CoBank, ACB Revolving Loan Commitment $16,428,571.43 Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen- Boerenleenbank B.A., "Rabobank Nederland", New York Branch Revolving Loan Commitment $17,857,142.86 GMAC Business Credit, LLC  EXHIBIT 10.(m)  CONSENT AND FIFTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT ----------------------------------------------- CONSENT AND FIFTH AMENDMENT, dated as of September 13, 2002 (this "Consent and Amendment"), to the Credit Agreement referred to below among --------------------- AGWAY, INC., a Delaware corporation, FEED COMMODITIES INTERNATIONAL LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, BRUBAKER AGRONOMIC CONSULTING SERVICE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, AGWAY GENERAL AGENCY, INC., a New York corporation, COUNTRY BEST ADAMS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, COUNTRY BEST- DEBERRY LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, AGWAY ENERGY PRODUCTS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, AGWAY ENERGY SERVICES-PA, INC., a Delaware corporation, and AGWAY ENERGY SERVICES, INC., a Delaware corporation, as Borrowers (the "Borrowers"), THE OTHER CREDIT PARTIES SIGNATORY --------- THERETO (the "Credit Parties"), THE LENDERS SIGNATORY THERETO FROM TIME TO TIME -------------- (the "Lenders"), and GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION, as Agent ("Agent") ------- ------- and as a Lender. W I T N E S S E T H ------------------- WHEREAS, Borrowers, the Credit Parties, the Lenders and Agent are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2001 (including all annexes, exhibits and schedules thereto, and as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Credit Agreement"); and ------------------ WHEREAS, the Agent and Lenders have agreed to consent to the sale of certain Collateral and the amendment of the Credit Agreement, in the manner, and on the terms and conditions, provided for herein; NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt, adequacy and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall ----------- have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement or Annex A thereto. ------- 2. Consent. As of the Consent Effective Date (as hereinafter defined), ------- Agent and Lenders hereby consent to the sale by Agway, Inc. of the "Acquired Assets," as such term is defined in Section 1.1 of that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 10, 2002 by and between Agway, Inc., as seller and Cenex Harvest States Cooperatives, as buyer, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A (the "Asset Purchase Agreement"), provided that the aggregate net proceeds from such sale shall be applied to prepay the Loans pursuant to Section 1.3(b)(ii) of the Credit Agreement. Agent agrees to release its Lien on the Acquired Assets in order to permit Agway, Inc. to effect the  sale and shall execute and deliver to Borrowers, at Borrowers' expense, appropriate UCC-3 release statements and other releases as reasonably requested by Borrowers. 3. Amendment. Annex G of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as --------- ------- of the Consent Effective Date by deleting section (h) thereunder in its entirety and inserting in lieu thereof the following new section (h) to read as follows: "(h) Minimum Excess Availability. Borrowers and their ------------------------------- Subsidiaries (excluding all Telmark Entities, Agway Insurance Company and all of their respective Subsidiaries) at all times shall have Borrowing Availability, after giving effect to Eligible Accounts, Eligible Deferred Accounts and Eligible Inventory of Borrowers supporting Revolving Credit Advances and all Letter of Credit Obligations (on a pro forma basis, with trade payables being paid in the ordinary course, and expenses and liabilities being paid in the ordinary course of business and without acceleration of sales) of at least Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000), provided however, upon closing and consummation of the Asset Purchase Agreement between Agway, Inc. and Cenex Harvest States Cooperatives dated September 10, 2002, such Borrowing Availability shall be at least Twenty Five Million Dollars ($25,000,000)." 4. Representations and Warranties. To induce Agent and Lenders to ------------------------------ enter into this Consent and Amendment, Borrowers hereby represent and warrant that: (a) The execution, delivery and performance by Borrowers of this Consent and Amendment (i) are within Borrowers' respective corporate powers, (ii) has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate and shareholder action, and (iii) is not in contravention of any provision of any Borrower's charter or bylaws or equivalent organizational documents. (b) This Consent and Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by or on behalf of Borrowers. (c) The Consent and Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Borrowers. (d) Except for those expressly waived pursuant to the First Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement dated as of September 14, 2001, the Second Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement dated as of January 31, 2002, the Third Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement dated as of April 3, 2002, and the Waiver under Credit Agreement dated as of May 13, 2002, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing after giving effect to this 2 Consent and Amendment. (e) No action, claim or proceeding is now pending or, to the knowledge of Borrowers, threatened against Borrowers, at law, in equity or otherwise, before any court, board, commission, agency or instrumentality of any federal, state, or local government or of any agency or subdivision thereof, or before any arbitrator or panel of arbitrators, which challenges Borrowers' right, power, or competence to enter into this Consent and Amendment or, to the extent applicable, perform any of their obligations under this Consent and Amendment, the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, or the validity or enforceability of this Consent and Amendment, the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document or an action taken under this Consent and Amendment, the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document or except for items on Disclosure Schedule (3.13) or notifications sent to Agent since the Closing Date, which if determined adversely, is reasonably likely to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect after giving effect to this Consent and Amendment. Except for items on Disclosure Schedule (3.13) or notifications sent to Agent since the Closing Date, to the knowledge of Borrowers, there does not exist a state of facts which is reasonably likely to give rise to such proceedings. (f) The representations and warranties of the Borrowers contained in the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document shall be true and correct on and as of the Consent Effective Date (as hereinafter defined) with the same effect as if such representations and warranties had been made on and as of such date, except that any such representation or warranty which is expressly made only as of a specified dated need be true only as of such date. 5. No Other Consents/Waivers. Except as expressly provided herein, -------------------------- (i) the Credit Agreement shall be unmodified and shall continue to be in full force and effect in accordance with its terms and (ii) this Consent and Amendment shall not be deemed a waiver of any term or condition of any Loan Document and shall not be deemed to prejudice any right or rights which the Agent or any Lender may now have or may have in the future under or in connection with any Loan Document or any of the instruments or agreements referred to therein, as the same may be amended from time to time. Except as otherwise provided for herein, nothing set forth herein shall be deemed to be a consent by Agent or Lenders with respect to any sale or other disposition by Borrowers of any assets. 6. Outstanding Indebtedness; Waiver of Claims. Each of Borrowers ---------------------------------------------- and other Credit Parties hereby acknowledges and agrees that as of September 13, 2002, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loan is $24,549,025.68 and that such principal amount is payable pursuant to the Credit Agreement without defense, offset, withholding, counterclaim or deduction of any kind. Borrowers and each other Credit Party hereby waives, releases, remises and forever discharges Agent, Lenders and each other Indemnified Person from any and 3  all claims, suits, actions, investigations, proceedings or demands arising out of or in connection with the Credit Agreement (collectively, "Claims"), whether based in contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute or common law of any kind or character, known or unknown, which any Borrower or any other Credit Party ever had, now has or might hereafter have against Agent or Lenders which relates, directly or indirectly, to any acts or omissions of Agent, Lenders or any other Indemnified Person on or prior to the Consent Effective Date (as hereinafter defined), provided, that no Borrower nor any other Credit Party waives any Claim solely to the extent such Claim relates to the Agent's or any Lender's gross negligence or willful misconduct. 7. Expenses. Borrowers hereby reconfirm their obligations pursuant -------- to Sections 1.9 and 11.3 of the Credit Agreement to pay and reimburse Agent and the Lenders for all reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable fees of counsel) incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Consent and Amendment and all other documents and instruments delivered in connection herewith. 8 Effectiveness. This Consent and Amendment shall become effective ------------- as of September 13, 2002 (the "Consent Effective Date") only upon satisfaction in full in the judgment of Agent of each of the following conditions: (a) Consent and Amendment. Agent shall have received six (6) ----------------------- original copies of this Consent and Amendment duly executed and delivered by Agent, each Lender and Borrowers. (b) Payment of Expenses. Borrowers shall have paid to Agent all ------------------- costs, fees and expenses owing in connection with this Consent and Amendment and the other Loan Documents and due to Agent (including, without limitation, reasonable legal fees and expenses). (c) Asset Purchase Agreement. The Agent shall have received a ------------------------ true and complete copy of the Asset Purchase Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, duly authorized and executed together with all schedules, exhibits, amendments, supplements, modifications, assignments and all other documents delivered pursuant thereto or in connection therewith. (d) Representations and Warranties. The representations and ------------------------------ warranties of or on behalf of the Borrowers in this Consent and Amendment shall be true and correct on and as of the Consent Effective Date. 9. GOVERNING LAW. THIS CONSENT AND AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND ------------- INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 4  10. Counterparts. This Consent and Amendment may be executed by the ------------ parties hereto on any number of separate counterparts and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. (SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS)  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Consent and Amendment to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written. BORROWERS AGWAY, INC. FEED COMMODITIES INTERNATIONAL LLC BRUBAKER AGRONOMIC CONSULTING SERVICE LLC COUNTRY BEST-DEBERRY LLC AGWAY ENERGY PRODUCTS LLC AGWAY ENERGY SERVICES-PA, INC. AGWAY ENERGY SERVICES, INC. COUNTRY BEST ADAMS, LLC AGWAY GENERAL AGENCY, INC. By: /s/ KAREN J. OHLIGER -------------------------------------------- Name: Karen J. Ohliger -------------------------------------------- Title: Treasurer --------------------------------------------  LENDERS COBANK, ACB By: /s/ KENNETH E. HIDE -------------------------------------------- Name: Kenneth E. Hide -------------------------------------------- Title: Vice President -------------------------------------------- COOPERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN- BOERENLEEN BANK B.A., "Rabobank Nederland" New York Branch By: /s/ W. JEFFREY VOLLACK -------------------------------------------- Name: W. Jeffrey Vollack -------------------------------------------- Title: Senior Credit Officer -------------------------------------------- GMAC BUSINESS CREDIT, LLC By: /s/ KATHLEEN WILLIAMS -------------------------------------------- Name: Kathleen Williams -------------------------------------------- Title: First Vice President -------------------------------------------- GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION, as Agent and Lender By: /s/ JAMES DESANTIS -------------------------------------------- Name: James DeSantis -------------------------------------------- Title: Its Duly Authorized Signatory  EXHIBIT A TO CONSENT AND AMENDMENT See attached Asset Purchase Agreement dated September 10, 2002.  EXHIBIT 10.(n)  [For 14 Directors] DIRECTOR DEFERRED PAYMENT AGREEMENT AGREEMENT made this day of , 2001, between AGWAY ----- --------------- INC., a Delaware corporation, with its principal office in DeWitt, New York (hereinafter called "AGWAY"), and residing at ---------------- - ------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------- (hereinafter called "Director"). RECITALS: A. AGWAY has established a deferred payment program for Directors. B. Director desires to participate in the program upon the following terms and conditions. WITNESSETH: For good and valuable consideration, the parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 1. Director hereby designates (check one) % of retainer (or $ of retainer) only --- --- ------- % of per diem and all other payments other than expense --- --- reimbursements (or $ of per diem and all other payments -------- other than expense reimbursements) only % of both retainer and per diem and all other payments --- --- other than expense reimbursements (or $ of both retainer --------- and per diem) -1-  for the period beginning January 1, 2002 and ending December 31, 2002 be credited to Director's Reserve Account. 2. AGWAY shall maintain in its accounting records a separate account (herein called "Director's Reserve Account") for each Director electing deferral of any amount under this Agreement and shall credit to the Director's Reserve Account the item or items designated by Director in Section 1 above. The Director's Reserve Account shall also be credited at the close of each calendar quarter with an amount computed by applying the average cost-of-debt percentage as hereinafter defined to the total average accumulated credit of the Director's Reserve Account. "Average cost-of-debt" as used in this Agreement shall mean the average cost to AGWAY of the debt employed by AGWAY during each calendar quarter in the conduct of AGWAY's business, and this average cost-of- debt shall be determined by the Treasurer of AGWAY. 3. AGWAY and Director hereby agree that payment from the Director's Reserve Account shall begin on the first January 1 or July 1 that follows the 15 month anniversary of the Director's attainment of age fifty-five (55) or the date on which Director's service as Director of AGWAY terminates, whichever is earlier. This Agreement by the Director shall be irrevocable; provided, however, that at least twelve (12) months prior to January 1 or July 1 described above, the Director may request, by notice in writing to Agway, that the commencement of payments be deferred to a specified January 1 or July 1 date later than that on which commencement was previously scheduled. Whether to approve such a request shall be within the discretion of the Chief Financial Officer of AGWAY, or his/her designee. Approval of such a request shall be in writing. After approval, Director shall have no right to payment at any date earlier than that specified in the written approval. In any event, payments shall commence not later than the January following the calendar year when Director reaches age seventy (70). -2-  AGWAY may impose a thirty (30) day waiting period before the first payment is made. 4. Payment will be either (a) a lump sum payment of the entire balance in the Director's Reserve Account; or (b) in an amount determined by multiplying the balance in the Director's Reserve Account at the beginning of each calendar year during which a payment is to be made by a fraction, the numerator of which is one (1) and the denominator of which will be the number of years remaining during which the Director's Reserve Account will be paid to Director. The payment election must be made at least twelve (12) months prior to the commencement of payment in writing to the chief financial officer of AGWAY, or his/her designee, to have the payments made: (A) over 3 years; (B) over 5 years; (C) over 10 years; (D) over 15 years; or (E) over 20 years. If a timely election is not made, the entire balance in Director's Reserve Account will be paid in a single lump sum. If the initial annual payment computed for the applicable payment period described above would be less than ten thousand dollars ($10,000), then, notwithstanding the prior provisions of this Section, AGWAY may make payment (at the sole discretion of AGWAY) either in one (1) lump sum or in annual installments over the longest period resulting in an initial annual payment of at least ten thousand dollars ($10,000). 5. Upon furnishing AGWAY with proper evidence of financial hardship, Director may request a withdrawal of all or part of the balance in the -3-  Director's Reserve Account. Whether to approve such a request shall be within the discretion of the Chief Financial Officer of AGWAY, or his/her designee. Approval of such a request shall be in writing. 6. In the event of Director's death, either before or after the payments to Director have begun, the amount payable, as provided in Section 4 above, shall be paid to the beneficiary or beneficiaries designated by Director in the most recent notice in writing to AGWAY in installments computed in the same manner as if Director was still living. If no beneficiary has been designated, the amount payable, as provided in Section 4 above, shall be paid in installments computed in the same manner as if Director was still living to Director's estate or, at the sole discretion of AGWAY, the remaining balance in the Director's Reserve Account may be paid in a lump sum to Director's estate. In the event that after payments have commenced to the beneficiary or to the beneficiaries designated by Director the sole beneficiary dies or all beneficiaries die, then, any remaining balance in the Director's Reserve Account will be paid in a lump sum to the sole beneficiary's estate or to the beneficiaries' estates. In the absence of clear written instructions to the contrary, a designation of multiple beneficiaries will be deemed to provide for payment to the designated beneficiaries in equal shares, and for the payment to Director's estate of the share of any beneficiary who predeceases Director. In the event of Director's death before the payments to Director have begun, the payments will commence on the January 1 or July 1, next following the date of Director's death. 7. Director agrees that AGWAY's liability to make any payment as provided in this Agreement shall be contingent upon Director's: (a) being available to AGWAY for consultation and advice after termination of service as a director of AGWAY, unless Director is disabled or deceased; and -4-  (b) retaining unencumbered any interest or benefit under this Agreement. If Director fails to fulfill any one or more of these contingencies, AGWAY's obligation under this Agreement may be terminated by AGWAY as to Director. 8. Director also agrees that AGWAY's obligations to make deferred payments under this Agreement are merely contractual; and that AGWAY is the outright beneficial owner of, and does not hold for Director as trustee or otherwise, the amounts credited to Director's Reserve Account; and that such amounts are subject to the rights of AGWAY's creditors in the same manner and to the same extent as all assets owned by AGWAY. 9. Neither Director nor Director's beneficiary/ies shall have the right to encumber, commute, borrow against, dispose of or assign the right to receive payments under this Agreement. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, AGWAY and Director have duly executed this Agreement the day and year first above written. AGWAY INC. By: ------------------------------------------- Secretary ------------------------------------------- (Director) -5-                  DESIGNATION OF BENEFICIARY/IES Pursuant to the provisions of this Deferred Payment Agreement, I hereby designate as my beneficiary/ies hereunder: - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- (Name of beneficiary/ies) This designation is also effective with respect to any and all amounts of deferred compensation accrued for my benefit under any and all Deferred Payment Agreements executed by me in previous years. --------------------------------------- (Director) Date: , 2001 --------------- -6-  EXHIBIT 10.(o)  [For 2 Board officers] DIRECTOR DEFERRED PAYMENT AGREEMENT AGREEMENT made this day of , 2001, between AGWAY INC., ---- ------------ a Delaware corporation, with its principal office in DeWitt, New York (hereinafter called "AGWAY"), and residing at ------------------------- (hereinafter called - ----------------------------------------------------------- "Director"). RECITALS: A. AGWAY has established a deferred payment program for Directors. B. Director desires to participate in the program upon the following terms and conditions. WITNESSETH: For good and valuable consideration, the parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 1. Director hereby designates % (or $ ) of annual retainer ---- --------- for the period beginning January 1, 2002 and ending December 31, 2002 be credited to Director's Reserve Account. 2. AGWAY shall maintain in its accounting records a separate account (herein called "Director's Reserve Account") for each Director electing deferral of any amount under this Agreement and shall credit to the Director's Reserve Account the amount designated by Director in Section 1 above. The Director's Reserve Account shall also be credited at the close of each calendar quarter with an amount computed by applying the average cost-of-debt percentage as hereinafter defined to the total average accumulated credit of the Director's Reserve Account. "Average cost-of-debt" as used in this Agreement shall mean - 1 -  the average cost to AGWAY of the debt employed by AGWAY during each calendar quarter in the conduct of AGWAY's business, and this average cost-of- debt shall be determined by the Treasurer of AGWAY. 3. AGWAY and Director hereby agree that payment from the Director's Reserve Account shall begin on the first January 1 or July 1 that follows the 15 month anniversary of the Director's attainment of age fifty-five (55) or the date on which Director's service as Director of AGWAY terminates, whichever is earlier. This Agreement by the Director shall be irrevocable; provided, however, that at least twelve (12) months prior to January 1 or July 1 described above, the Director may request, by notice in writing to Agway, that the commencement of payments be deferred to a specified January 1 or July 1 date later than that on which commencement was previously scheduled. Whether to approve such a request shall be within the discretion of the Chief Financial Officer of AGWAY, or his/her designee. Approval of such a request shall be in writing. After approval, Director shall have no right to payment at any date earlier than that specified in the written approval. In any event, payments shall commence not later than the January following the calendar year when Director reaches age seventy (70). AGWAY may impose a thirty (30) day waiting period before the first payment is made. 4. Payment will be either (a) a lump sum payment of the entire balance in the Director's Reserve Account; or (b) in an amount determined by multiplying the balance in the Director's Reserve Account at the beginning of each calendar year during which a payment is to be made by a fraction, the numerator of which is one (1) and the denominator of which will be the number of years remaining during which the Director's Reserve Account will be paid to Director. The payment election must be made at least twelve (12) months prior to the commencement of payment in writing to the chief financial officer of AGWAY, or his/her designee, to have the payments made: - 2 -  (A) over 3 years; (B) over 5 years; (C) over 10 years; (D) over 15 years; or (E) over 20 years. If a timely election is not made, the entire balance in Director's Reserve Account will be paid in a single lump sum. If the initial annual payment computed for the applicable payment period described above would be less than ten thousand dollars ($10,000), then, notwithstanding the prior provisions of this Section, AGWAY may make payment (at the sole discretion of AGWAY) either in one (1) lump sum or in annual installments over the longest period resulting in an initial annual payment of at least ten thousand dollars ($10,000). 5. Upon furnishing AGWAY with proper evidence of financial hardship, Director may request a withdrawal of all or part of the balance in the Director's Reserve Account. Whether to approve such a request shall be within the discretion of the Chief Financial Officer of AGWAY, or his/her designee. Approval of such a request shall be in writing. 6. In the event of Director's death, either before or after the payments to Director have begun, the amount payable, as provided in Section 4 above, shall be paid to the beneficiary or beneficiaries designated by Director in the most recent notice in writing to AGWAY in installments computed in the same manner as if Director was still living. If no beneficiary has been designated, the amount payable, as provided in Section 4 above, shall be paid in installments computed in the same manner as if Director was still living to Director's estate or, at the sole discretion of AGWAY, the remaining balance in the Director's Reserve Account may be paid in a lump sum to Director's estate. In the event that after payments - 3 -  have commenced to the beneficiary or to the beneficiaries designated by Director the sole beneficiary dies or all beneficiaries die, then, any remaining balance in the Director's Reserve Account will be paid in a lump sum to the sole beneficiary's estate or to the beneficiaries' estates. In the absence of clear written instructions to the contrary, a designation of multiple beneficiaries will be deemed to provide for payment to the designated beneficiaries in equal shares, and for the payment to Director's estate of the share of any beneficiary who predeceases Director. In the event of Director's death before the payments to Director have begun, the payments will commence on the January 1 or July 1, next following the date of Director's death. 7. Director agrees that AGWAY's liability to make any payment as provided in this Agreement shall be contingent upon Director's: (a) being available to AGWAY for consultation and advice after termination of service as a director of AGWAY, unless Director is disabled or deceased; and (b) retaining unencumbered any interest or benefit under this Agreement. If Director fails to fulfill any one or more of these contingencies, AGWAY's obligation under this Agreement may be terminated by AGWAY as to Director. 8. Director also agrees that AGWAY's obligations to make deferred payments under this Agreement are merely contractual; and that AGWAY is the outright beneficial owner of, and does not hold for Director as trustee or otherwise, the amounts credited to Director's Reserve Account; and that such amounts are subject to the rights of AGWAY's creditors in the same manner and to the same extent as all assets owned by AGWAY. - 4 -  9. Neither Director nor Director's beneficiary/ies shall have the right to encumber, commute, borrow against, dispose of or assign the right to receive payments under this Agreement. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, AGWAY and Director have duly executed this Agreement the day and year first above written. AGWAY INC. By: --------------------------------------- Secretary --------------------------------------- (Director) - 5 -                  DESIGNATION OF BENEFICIARY/IES Pursuant to the provisions of this Deferred Payment Agreement, I hereby designate as my beneficiary/ies hereunder: - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- (Name of beneficiary/ies) This designation is also effective with respect to any and all amounts of deferred compensation accrued for my benefit under any and all Deferred Payment Agreements executed by me in previous years. ----------------------------------- (Director) Date: , 2001 ----------------- - 6 -  EXHIBIT 10.(p)  Name: Don Cardarelli Position: President & CEO, Agway Inc. --------------- ---------------------------- Incentive Plans For Period Beginning July 1, 2001 ------------------------------------------------- 1. Annual Incentive Plan for Fiscal 2002, Ending June 30, 2002 EBITDA = $32.428M 15% Base Salary  Improve Agway Ops Leverage to 3.4 to 1 25% Base Salary  --------------------------------------------------------------------- Incentive for Meeting Both = 50% Base Salary  EBITDA = $34.428M 30% Base Salary  Improve Agway Ops Leverage to 3.3 to 1 45% Base Salary  --------------------------------------------------------------------- Incentive for Meeting Both = 75% Base Salary  EBITDA = $36.428M 40% Base Salary  Improve Agway Ops Leverage to 3.2 to 1 60% Base Salary  --------------------------------------------------------------------- Incentive for Meeting Both = 100% Base Salary  ( Base Salary As Of June 30, 2002) Definitions:  EBITDA Target = $34.428M  EBITDA Budget = $32.428M  Agway Ops Leverage Target - Debt/Equity = 3.3 To 1  Agway Ops Leverage Budget - Debt/Equity = 3.52 To 1 ( Based On Agway Operations Level) 2. Two Year Incentive Plan for Period Ending 6/30/03 Improve Agway Ops Leverage To 3.1 to 1 75% Base Salary  Improve Agway Ops Leverage To 2.9 to 1 100% Base salary  Improve Agway Ops Leverage To 2.7 to 1 150% Base Salary  (Agway Operations Leverage Budget - Debt/Equity - 6/30/03 = 3.56 to 1) ( Base Salary As Of June 30, 2003) 3. Consideration of up to 100% of the Base Salary may be given as an additional incentive payment, after the end of the current fiscal year, as a result of the evaluation of the CEO's performance during fiscal 2002. 1  4. Payout Provisions (a) If EBITDA and Leverage Targets are met at different levels for the purpose of annual incentive calculation, the payout is the sum of the two individual payouts. Example: If annual results for EBITDA equals Target at $34.428M (30% Payout) and annual leverage result equals maximum payout level of 3.2 to 1 (60% Payout), the total payout will be 90% of Base Salary. (b) All payouts will be in cash and shall be made in a lump sum within 90 days after the end of the term of the respective incentive plan. (c) EBITDA will be calculated after the accrual of the expense for the incentive. (d) EBITDA financial covenants under Agway Inc.'s principal credit agreements in effect at the time of each reporting period must be exceeded in order for a payout to be made under the EBITDA incentive calculation contained in this agreement. 5. Conditions (a) If the employee voluntarily terminates employment for good reason (as hereinafter defined) or if Agway terminates his employment without cause (as hereinafter defined) during the plan period, he will be eligible for a payout under both plans. The payout will be calculated on a pro-rated basis (using completed weeks of service during the incentive period) representative of the employee's period of active full time employment during the term of each such plan. (b) If the employee dies, retires (as hereinafter defined), or becomes permanently disabled to such a degree that he is prevented from performing the usual duties of his position, he (or his estate) will be eligible for a payout under both plans. The payout will be calculated on a pro-rated basis (using completed weeks of service during the incentive period) representative of the employee's period of active full time employment during the term of each such plan. (c) If there is a change of control (as defined in the Indemnification Agreement between Agway Inc. and the employee) during the plan period, the employee will be deemed fully vested in both the annual and long-term incentive plans. Fully vested means the payout will be fully earned without a reduction. 2  (d) The payout for three events, 5(a), (b), and (c) above, will be calculated based upon target performance. Upon the occurrence of one of these three events (a), (b) or (c) the employee (or his estate) will also receive a payout equal to 200% of his base salary. Payout for these three events, 5(a), (b), and (c) above and payment of base salary shall be made in a lump sum within 90 days after the occurrence of the event. (e) If the employee voluntarily quits without good reason or if Agway terminates his employment for cause during an unexpired plan period, he will not be eligible for any part of any payout, payments or other compensation identified in this document for the applicable plan period. (f) Incentives earned under this plan are taken into account for purposes of Agway's employee benefit plan programs to the extent provided by the terms of those programs in effect at the time payments are made. (g) Under any of the events described in 5(a), (b) or (c) above, (i) the employee will be deemed on leave status in order to receive full employee benefits at active employee contribution rates for one year, and (ii) the employee will receive for one year following his termination executive level career transition assistance services by a firm selected by the employee and paid for by Agway. In these incentive plans, "you" and "your" refer to and mean the employee. For purposes of these incentive plans, "cause" means termination of your employment by Agway acting in good faith due to your (i) willful gross misconduct or gross negligence with respect to your responsibilities, including but not limited to misappropriating any funds or property of Agway, committing any act involving fraud, failing to perform in all material respects any duties reasonably required in the course of your employment (other than such failure resulting from your incapacity due to illness) after Agway has notified you and you have failed to correct such failure within 10 days of such notice, violating in any material respect any written policy of Agway or of your duty of loyalty owed to Agway, or acting in any way that is materially detrimental to the business reputation of Agway, (ii) conviction of, or a plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony or crime of moral turpitude, or (iii) willful repeated use of alcohol or drugs, or your untreated alcoholism or drug abuse, in each case impairing your ability to perform your executive responsibilities. 3  For purposes of these incentive plans, "good reason" means termination of employment by you acting in good faith due to any of the following occurring without your prior consent (i) any adverse change in your title or any change in your reporting relationship, (ii) any diminution in your responsibility or authority or the assignment to you of duties which are inconsistent with responsibilities normally performed by an executive at your level in similar businesses, (iii) any diminution in your compensation or benefits other than (a) a diminution in your compensation that is implemented in connection with an across the board reduction of executive salaries of the Company or (b) a modification or elimination of any benefit plan that affects other employees of Agway or other senior executives of Agway generally, (iv) the requirement that you relocate outside of the Syracuse, NY area, or (v) the requirement that you sign or be bound by a written noncompetition agreement. For purposes of these incentive plans, "retire" means attaining the age of 59 1/2 and having at least 3 years of continuous active full-time employment with Agway immediately prior to the date of retirement. For purposes of these incentive plans, "Base Salary" means the employee's annual salary at the time of the event or indicated determination date before bonuses or other incentives. 6. Miscellaneous (a) The incentive plans are not a contract for continued employment and do not limit the right of Agway to terminate your employment. You are, and shall remain, an employee at will. (b) Annual incentive plans targeted at 75% of Base Salary and multi-year incentive plans targeted at 100% of Base Salary with substantially the same parameters for payment as set forth in Section 1 above will be initiated in each ensuing fiscal year. (c) All payments under the incentive plans are subject to income tax and employment tax withholding 4  EXHIBIT 10.(q)  Name: Don Cardarelli Position: President & CEO, Agway Inc. --------------- ---------------------------- Incentive Plans For Period Beginning July 1, 2002 ------------------------------------------------- 1. Annual Incentive Plan for Fiscal 2003, Ending June 30, 2003 Part A: EBITDA = $21.44 25% of Base Salary  EBITDA = $26.8M 50% of Base Salary  EBITDA = $32.16 100% of Base Salary  ( Base Salary As Of June 30, 2003) Note: EBITDA Consolidated Budget for Continuing Operations = $26.8M Part B: Consideration of up to 100% of the Base Salary may be given as an additional incentive payment, after the end of the current fiscal year, as a result of the evaluation of the CEO's performance during fiscal 2003. 2. Two Year Incentive Plan for Period Ending 6/30/03 Improve Agway Ops Leverage To 3.1 to 1 50% Base Salary  Improve Agway Ops Leverage To 2.9 to 1 75% Base Salary  Improve Agway Ops Leverage To 2.7 to 1 100% Base Salary  (Agway Operations Leverage Budget - Debt/Equity - 6/30/03 = 3.56 to 1) ( Base Salary As Of June 30, 2003) 3. Two Year Incentive Plan for Period Ending 6/30/04 The payout will be the average of the payout received for the two annual incentive plans ending June 30, 2003 and June 30, 2004. 4. Consideration will be given for additional incentives as a result of one-time events that financially benefit Agway and occur during the term of the plans. 5. Due to the impact of the changes in the businesses that will occur during the term of the plan, discretion will be allowed when calculating the payout for items 1, 2, 3 and 4 above. 1  6. Payout Provisions (a) Partial payouts for the annual incentive component may be made at the discretion of the Board of Directors at semi-annual periods or at the accomplishment of a specific strategy approved by the Board of Directors. (b) All other payouts will be in cash and shall be made in a lump sum within 90 days after the end of the term of the respective incentive plan. 7. Conditions (a) If the employee voluntarily terminates employment for good reason (as hereinafter defined) or if Agway terminates his employment without cause (as hereinafter defined) during the plan period, he will be eligible for a payout under each plan. The payout will be calculated on a pro-rated basis (using completed weeks of service during the incentive period) representative of the employee's period of active full time employment during the term of each such plan. (b) If the employee dies, retires (as hereinafter defined), or becomes permanently disabled to such a degree that he is prevented from performing the usual duties of his position, he (or his estate) will be eligible for a payout under each plan. The payout will be calculated on a pro-rated basis (using completed weeks of service during the incentive period) representative of the employee's period of active full time employment during the term of each such plan. (c) If there is a change in control (as hereinafter defined) during the plan period, the employee will be deemed fully vested in each annual and multi-year incentive plan. Fully vested means the payout will be fully earned without a reduction. (d) The payout for three events, 5(a), (b), and (c) above, will be calculated based upon target performance. Upon the occurrence of one of these three events (a), (b) or (c) the employee (or his estate) will also receive a payout equal to 200% of his base salary. Payout for these three events, 5(a), (b), and (c) above and payment of base salary shall be made in a lump sum within 90 days after the occurrence of the event. 2  (e) If the employee voluntarily quits without good reason or if Agway terminates his employment for cause during an unexpired plan period, he will not be eligible for any part of any payout, payments or other compensation identified in this document for the applicable plan period. (f) Incentives earned under this plan are taken into account for purposes of Agway's employee benefit plan programs to the extent provided by the terms of those programs in effect at the time payments are made. (g) Under any of the events described in 5(a), (b) or (c) above, (i) the employee will be deemed on leave status in order to receive full employee benefits at active employee contribution rates for one year, and (ii) the employee will receive for one year following his termination executive level career transition assistance services by a firm selected by the employee and paid for by Agway. In these incentive plans, "you" and "your" refer to and mean the employee. For purposes of these incentive plans, "cause" means termination of your employment by Agway acting in good faith due to your (i) willful gross misconduct or gross negligence with respect to your responsibilities, including but not limited to misappropriating any funds or property of Agway, committing any act involving fraud, failing to perform in all material respects any duties reasonably required in the course of your employment (other than such failure resulting from your incapacity due to illness) after Agway has notified you and you have failed to correct such failure within 10 days of such notice, violating in any material respect any written policy of Agway or of your duty of loyalty owed to Agway, or acting in any way that is materially detrimental to the business reputation of Agway, (ii) conviction of, or a plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony or crime of moral turpitude, or (iii) willful repeated use of alcohol or drugs, or your untreated alcoholism or drug abuse, in each case impairing your ability to perform your executive responsibilities. For purposes of these incentive plans, "good reason" means termination of employment by you acting in good faith due to any of the following occurring without your prior consent (i) any adverse change in your title or any change in your reporting relationship, (ii) any diminution in your responsibility or authority or the assignment to you of duties which are inconsistent with responsibilities normally performed by an executive at your level in similar businesses, (iii) any diminution in your compensation or benefits other than (a) a diminution in your compensation that is implemented in connection with an 3  across the board reduction of executive salaries of the Company or (b) a modification or elimination of any benefit plan that affects other employees of Agway or other senior executives of Agway generally, (iv) the requirement that you relocate outside of the Syracuse, NY area, or (v) the requirement that you sign or be bound by a written noncompetition agreement. For purposes of these incentive plans, "change in control" means any of the following: (i) a person or entity or group of persons or entities independent of Agway, Inc., acting in concert, shall become the direct or indirect beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company representing twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the combined voting power of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company; or (ii) the majority of the Company's Board of Directors is no longer comprised of the incumbent directors who constitute the Board of Directors on the effective date of this incentive plan and any other individual(s) who becomes a director subsequent to the date of this incentive plan whose initial election or nomination for election as a director, as the case may be, was approved by at least a majority of the directors who comprised the incumbent directors as of the date of such election or nomination; or (iii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company; or (iv) the Board shall approve any merger, consolidation, or like business combination or reorganization of the Company, the consummation of which would result in the occurrence of any event described in clause (ii) above, and such transaction shall have been consummated. For purposes of these incentive plans, "retire" means attaining the age of 59 1/2 and having at least 3 years of continuous active full-time employment with Agway immediately prior to the date of retirement. For purposes of these incentive plans, "Base Salary" means the employee's annual salary at the time of the event or indicated determination date before bonuses or other incentives. 8. Miscellaneous (a) The incentive plans are not a contract for continued employment and do not limit the right of Agway to terminate your employment. You are, and shall remain, an employee at will. (b) Annual incentive plans and multi-year incentive plans with substantially the same parameters for payment as set forth in this document will be initiated in each ensuing fiscal year. 4  (c) All payments under the incentive plans are subject to income tax and employment tax withholding. 5  EXHIBIT 10.(r)  Name: Mike Hopsicker - -------------------- Position: Executive Vice President, Agriculture and Energy - ----------------------------------------------------------- Incentive Plans For Period Beginning July 1, 2001 1. Annual Incentive Plan for Fiscal 2002, Ending June 30, 2002 Definitions: EBITDA Target = $32.480M EBITDA Budget = $29.480M  Average Working Capital Target (Net) = $53.217M  Average Working Capital Budget (Net) = $58.217M ( 12 Month Average Agway Energy Working Capital) Part (2) Successful completion of necessary components of the Agriculture Plan for submission to lender's at the end of the 3rd quarter of fiscal 2002 will result in a payment of $150,000. Part (3) The implementation of the beginning phases of the Agriculture plan will result in a payment of $150,000 at the end of the 4th quarter of fiscal 2002. 2. Three Year Incentive Plan for Period Ending 6/30/04 - AEP Results Accumulative EBITDA = $95M 50% Base Salary  Accumulative EBITDA = $100M 75% Base Salary  Accumulative EBITDA = $105M 100% Base Salary  ( Base Salary As Of June 30, 2004) 1  Definition: Accumulative EBITDA Target = $100M Accumulative EBITDA Budget = $91.420M 3. Consideration will be given for additional incentives as a result of one-time events that financially benefit Agway and occur during the term of the plans. 4. Payout Provisions (a) All payouts will be in cash and paid from Energy earnings. Payouts shall be made in a lump sum within 90 days after the end of the term of the respective incentive plan. (b) EBITDA will be calculated after the accrual of the expense for the incentive. (c) EBITDA financial covenants for Agway Energy under Agway Inc.'s principal credit agreements in effect at the time of each reporting period, both quarterly and annually, must be exceeded in order for a payout to be made under the annua incentive calculations contained in this agreement. 5. Conditions (a) If the employee voluntarily terminates employment for good reason (as hereinafter defined) or if Agway terminates his employment without cause (as hereinafter defined) during the plan period, he will be eligible for a payout under both plans. The payout will be calculated on a pro-rated basis (using completed weeks of service during the incentive period) representative of the employee's period of active full time employment during the term of each such plan. (b) If the employee dies, retires (as hereinafter defined), or becomes permanently disabled to such a degree that he is prevented from performing the usual duties of his position, he (or his estate) will be eligible for a payout under both plans. The payout will be calculated on a pro-rated basis (using completed weeks of service during the incentive period) representative of the employee's period of active full time employment during the term of each such plan. 2  (c) If there is a change of control (as defined in the Indemnification Agreement between Agway Inc. and the employee) during the plan period, the employee will be deemed fully vested in both the annual and long-term incentive plans. Fully vested means the payout will be fully earned without a reduction. (d) The payout for three events, 5(a), (b), and (c) above, will be calculated based upon target performance. Upon the occurrence of one of these three events (a), (b) or (c) the employee (or his estate) will also receive a payout equal to 100% of his base salary. Payout for these three events, 5(a), (b), and (c) above and payment of base salary shall be made in a lump sum within 90 days after the occurrence of the event. (e) If the employee voluntarily quits without good reason or if Agway terminates his employment for cause during an unexpired plan period, he will not be eligible for any part of any payout, payments or other compensation identified in this document for the applicable plan period. (f) Incentives earned under this plan are taken into account for purposes of Agway's employee benefit plan programs to the extent provided by the terms of those programs in effect at the time payments are made. (g) Under any of the events described in 5(a), (b) or (c) above, (i) the employee will be deemed on leave status in order to receive full employee benefits at active employee contribution rates for one year, and (ii) the employee will receive for one year following his termination executive level career transition assistance services by a firm selected by the employee and paid for by Agway. In these incentive plans, "you" and "your" refer to and mean the employee. For purposes of these incentive plans, "cause" means termination of your employment by Agway acting in good faith due to your (i) willful gross misconduct or gross negligence with respect to your responsibilities, including but not limited to misappropriating any funds or property of Agway, committing any act involving fraud, failing to perform in all material respects any duties reasonably required in the course of your employment (other than such failure resulting from your incapacity due to illness) after Agway has notified you and you have failed to correct such failure within 10 days of such notice, violating 3  in any material respect any written policy of Agway or of your duty of loyalty owed to Agway, or acting in any way that is materially detrimental to the business reputation of Agway, (ii) conviction of, or a plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony or crime of moral turpitude, or (iii) willful repeated use of alcohol or drugs, or your untreated alcoholism or drug abuse, in each case impairing your ability to perform your executive responsibilities. For purposes of these incentive plans, "good reason" means termination of employment by you acting in good faith due to any of the following occurring without your prior consent (i) any adverse change in your title or any change in your reporting relationship, (ii) any diminution in your responsibility or authority or the assignment to you of duties which are inconsistent with responsibilities normally performed by an executive at your level in similar businesses, (iii) any diminution in your compensation or benefits other than (a) a diminution in your compensation that is implemented in connection with an across the board reduction of executive salaries of the Company or (b) a modification or elimination of any benefit plan that affects other employees of Agway or other senior executives of Agway generally, (iv) the requirement that you relocate outside of the Syracuse, NY area, or (v) the requirement that you sign or be bound by a written noncompetition agreement. For purposes of these incentive plans, "retire" means attaining the age of 59 1/2 and having at least 3 years of continuous active full-time employment with Agway immediately prior to the date of retirement. For purposes of these incentive plans, "Base Salary" means the employee's annual salary at the time of the event or indicated determination date before bonuses or other incentives. 6. Miscellaneous (a) The incentive plans are not a contract for continued employment and do not limit the right of Agway to terminate your employment. You are, and shall remain, an employee at will. (b) The combination of base salary and incentive payments for fiscal 2003 for Energy performance, Feed performance, and Agronomy performance/value attained, will provide a total compensation target of $1M for fiscal 2003. (c) All payments under the incentive plans are subject to income tax and employment tax withholding. 4  EXHIBIT 10.(s)  Name: Mike Hopsicker - -------------------- Position: Executive Vice President, Agriculture and Energy - ----------------------------------------------------------- Incentive Plans For Period Beginning July 1, 2002 ------------------------------------------------- 1. Annual Incentive Plan for Fiscal 2003, Ending June 30, 2003 Part A = Agway EBITDA: EBITDA = $21.44M 12.5% of Base Salary  EBITDA = $26.8M 25% of Base Salary  EBITDA = $32.16M 50% of Base Salary  Part B = Agriculture EBITDA EBITDA = $5.0M 12.5% of Base Salary  EBITDA = $6.34M 25% of Base Salary  EBITDA = $7.75 50% of Base Salary  Part C = Energy EBITDA EBITDA = $26.0M 12.5% of Base Salary  EBITDA = $30.1M 25% of Base Salary  EBITDA = $34.0M 50% of Base Salary  ( Base Salary As Of June 30, 2003) Agway EBITDA Budget = $26.8M Agriculture EBITDA Budget = $6.34M Energy EBITDA Budget = $30.1M 2. Three Year Incentive Plan for Period Ending 6/30/04 - AEP Results Accumulative EBITDA = $95M 50% Base Salary   Accumulative EBITDA = $100M 75% Base Salary   Accumulative EBITDA = $105M 100% Base Salary   (  Base Salary As Of June 30, 2004) Definition: Accumulative EBITDA Target = $100M Accumulative EBITDA Budget = $91.420M 3. Three Year Incentive Plan for Period Ending 6/30/05 The payout will be the average of the payout received for the three annual incentive plans ending June 30, 2003, June 30, 2004, and June 30, 2005. 1  4. Consideration will be given for additional incentives as a result of one-time events that financially benefit Agway and occur during the term of the plans. 5. Due to the impact of the changes in the businesses that will occur during the term of the plan, discretion will be allowed when calculating the payout for items 1, 2, 3 and 4 above. 6. Payout Provisions All payouts will be in cash and shall be made in a lump sum within 90 days after the end of the term of the respective incentive plan. 7. Conditions (a) If the employee voluntarily terminates employment for good reason (as hereinafter defined) or if Agway terminates his employment without cause (as hereinafter defined) during the plan period, he will be eligible for a payout under each plan. The payout will be calculated on a pro-rated basis (using completed weeks of service during the incentive period) representative of the employee's period of active full time employment during the term of each such plan. (b) If the employee dies, retires (as hereinafter defined), or becomes permanently disabled to such a degree that he is prevented from performing the usual duties of his position, he (or his estate) will be eligible for a payout under each plan. The payout will be calculated on a pro-rated basis (using completed weeks of service during the incentive period) representative of the employee's period of active full time employment during the term of each such plan. (c) If there is a change in control (as hereinafter defined) during the plan period, the employee will be deemed fully vested in each annual and multi-year incentive plan. Fully vested means the payout will be fully earned without a reduction. (d) The payout for three events, 5(a), (b), and (c) above, will be calculated based upon target performance. Upon the occurrence of one of these three events (a), (b) or (c) the employee (or his estate) will also receive a payout equal to 100% of his base salary. Payout for these three events, 5(a), (b), and (c) above and payment of base salary shall be made in a lump sum within 90 days after the occurrence of the event. 2  (e) If the employee voluntarily quits without good reason or if Agway terminates his employment for cause during an unexpired plan period, he will not be eligible for any part of any payout, payments or other compensation identified in this document for the applicable plan period. (f) Incentives earned under this plan are taken into account for purposes of Agway's employee benefit plan programs to the extent provided by the terms of those programs in effect at the time payments are made. (g) Under any of the events described in 5(a), (b) or (c) above, (i) the employee will be deemed on leave status in order to receive full employee benefits at active employee contribution rates for one year, and (ii) the employee will receive for one year following his termination executive level career transition assistance services by a firm selected by the employee and paid for by Agway. In these incentive plans, "you" and "your" refer to and mean the employee. For purposes of these incentive plans, "cause" means termination of your employment by Agway acting in good faith due to your (i) willful gross misconduct or gross negligence with respect to your responsibilities, including but not limited to misappropriating any funds or property of Agway, committing any act involving fraud, failing to perform in all material respects any duties reasonably required in the course of your employment (other than such failure resulting from your incapacity due to illness) after Agway has notified you and you have failed to correct such failure within 10 days of such notice, violating in any material respect any written policy of Agway or of your duty of loyalty owed to Agway, or acting in any way that is materially detrimental to the business reputation of Agway, (ii) conviction of, or a plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony or crime of moral turpitude, or (iii) willful repeated use of alcohol or drugs, or your untreated alcoholism or drug abuse, in each case impairing your ability to perform your executive responsibilities. For purposes of these incentive plans, "good reason" means termination of employment by you acting in good faith due to any of the following occurring without your prior consent (i) any adverse change in your title or any change in your reporting relationship, (ii) any diminution in your responsibility or authority or the assignment to you of duties which are inconsistent with responsibilities normally performed by an executive at your level in similar businesses, (iii) any diminution in your compensation or benefits other than (a) 3  a diminution in your compensation that is implemented in connection with an across the board reduction of executive salaries of the Company or (b) a modification or elimination of any benefit plan that affects other employees of Agway or other senior executives of Agway generally, (iv) the requirement that you relocate outside of the Syracuse, NY area, or (v) the requirement that you sign or be bound by a written noncompetition agreement. For purposes of these incentive plans, "change in control" means any of the following: (i) a person or entity or group of persons or entities independent of Agway, Inc., acting in concert, shall become the direct or indirect beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company representing twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the combined voting power of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company; or (ii) the majority of the Company's Board of Directors is no longer comprised of the incumbent directors who constitute the Board of Directors on the effective date of this incentive plan and any other individual(s) who becomes a director subsequent to the date of this incentive plan whose initial election or nomination for election as a director, as the case may be, was approved by at least a majority of the directors who comprised the incumbent directors as of the date of such election or nomination; or (iii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company; or (iv) the Board shall approve any merger, consolidation, or like business combination or reorganization of the Company, the consummation of which would result in the occurrence of any event described in clause (ii) above, and such transaction shall have been consummated. For purposes of these incentive plans, "retire" means attaining the age of 59 1/2 and having at least 3 years of continuous active full-time employment with Agway immediately prior to the date of retirement. For purposes of these incentive plans, "Base Salary" means the employee's annual salary at the time of the event or indicated determination date before bonuses or other incentives. 8. Miscellaneous (a) The incentive plans are not a contract for continued employment and do not limit the right of Agway to terminate your employment. You are, and shall remain, an employee at will. 4  (b) Annual incentive plans and multi-year incentive plans with substantially the same parameters for payment as set forth in this document will be initiated in each ensuing fiscal year. (c) All payments under the incentive plans are subject to income tax and employment tax withholding. 5  EXHIBIT 10.(t)  (logo) AGWAY INC. PO BOX 4933, SYRACUSE, NEW YORK 13221-4933 315-449-6127 DONALD P. CARDARELLI PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PERSONAL & CONFIDENTIAL October 26, 2001 Dear Mike, This letter confirms our understanding of your newest responsibilities and compensation. Effective today, your responsibilities will include all areas of operations for our Agriculture and Energy businesses. Your title is Executive Vice President, Agriculture & Energy and you will retain the title of President, Agway Energy Products LLC. Your base compensation is $400,000 per year. Your fiscal 2002 incentive arrangement related to Agway Energy Products' performance for both short-term incentive and long-term incentive payments will remain in place. In addition, for fiscal 2002 there will be two payments of $150,000 each. The first will be for successfully completing the necessary components of the Agriculture Plan that need to be submitted to our banks in our 3rd Quarter. The second payment will be made at year-end, with 4th Quarter plan execution underway. We discussed the component of your arrangement related to potential termination and agreed that we need to confirm that the language in your current agreement transfers to your new position satisfactorily. I have asked Jerry Seeber to review this. Finally, we agreed that in developing your goals for fiscal 2003 for Energy performance, Feed performance, Agronomy performance/value attained, we will target your total compensation at $1 million for that year. Mike, please see me if you have any questions. You know how pleased I am that you are advancing these important business initiatives on behalf of Agway. My hope and belief is that I will continue to see you succeed and prosper. Sincerely, /s/ Donald P. Cardarelli - ------------------------ Donald P. Cardarelli /pf /s/ Michael R. Hopsicker - ------------------------ Michael R. Hopsicker Agway Inc. bcc: G. R. Seeber  EXHIBIT 10.(u)  April 20, 2001 (VIA FEDERAL EXPRESS) Roy Lubetkin 1470 Littlefield Court Lake Forest, IL 60045 Dear Roy: It gives me pleasure to confirm our discussion today in which we committed to the following: 1. You will assume the position of President of the Country Products Group and be a Vice President of Agway Inc. You will be given authority and responsibility to provide executive leadership of the businesses that comprise that group, including full accountability for results and full authority for decision making. You will be expected to meet oversight responsibilities of the Corporate Center, including financial reporting, leadership development, legal matters and communications. 2. You will report directly to me. 3. Your initial annual base salary will be $350,000, and will be subject to an annual review and adjustment beginning in August 2002. Your base salary amount in effect from time to time during your employment shall hereinafter be referred to as your "base salary." Your base salary shall be payable in accordance with Agway's usual payroll payment practices. Your base salary is not subject to a decrease. 4. You will be eligible for an annual bonus payment based upon meeting performance objectives which will be established prior to the beginning of each fiscal year of Agway. Your performance objectives will be driven by financial goals such as earnings, cash flow and growth. You will receive a cash payout of 50% of your base salary upon completion of a strategic plan for Produce and Sunflower. You will be eligible for an additional 50% if earnings targets, which we will establish prior to the beginning of fiscal year 2002, are met. These targets will be developed on a sliding scale basis. Upon the payout of the additional 50%, we will provide an additional pro-rated payout for the months of May and June 2001. For fiscal year 2003 and thereafter, your annual bonus will be targeted at 50% of your base salary; additional or lesser amounts above or below the 50% may be paid depending on results. Your annual bonus will be payable in a single lump sum cash payment at the same time as other executives' annual bonuses are paid, except as otherwise provided in this letter agreement. 5. A long term incentive plan driven by earnings and/or value creation will be in place at the beginning of Fiscal Year 2002, for a single lump sum cash payout at the end of Fiscal Year 2004. Your target will be 75% of your base salary. Additional or lesser amounts above or below the 75% may be paid depending on results. The benefits under this long term incentive plan will accrue annually, at a rate of one third per year. A new three (3) Fiscal  Roy Lubetkin April 20, 2001 Page 2 Year long term incentive plan with substantially the same parameters for payout will be initiated in each ensuing Fiscal Year. 6. You will receive vacation for four weeks for each of the first three years and five weeks for each year thereafter. 7. You will receive reimbursement of reasonable relocation expenses which you incur which include: a. Real estate broker fees on your house in Lake Forest; b. Seller's closing costs on your house in Lake Forest; c. Normal closing costs, other than real estate broker fees, on a residence in the Syracuse area, excluding any mortgage points; d. Trip expenses between Syracuse and Lake Forest as required until you and your family have relocated to the Syracuse area; e. Travel, room and meal expenses for you and your family while house hunting; f. Temporary housing expenses until you complete the construction of and begin occupying a new new home, or purchase and begin occupying an existing home in Central New York, as long as you are also paying a mortgage, or apartment rental expense or other housing expense in Illinois; and after you cease paying a mortgage, apartment rental or other housing expense in Illinois, temporary housing expenses shall continue for up to four months or until you occupy a new or existing home in Central New York, whichever occurs first; g. Cost of a commercial moving company to transfer your household goods, personal items and automobiles to Central New York and temporary automobile rental expenses until the delivery of your automobiles to Central New York; h. Cost of storage of your household effects until you move into your permanent residence in the Syracuse area; i. We will gross up your income to cover any tax liability you incur as a result of your relocation expenses. Please provide us with estimated costs of the above expenses that you anticipate incurring. You will also receive an allowance of $50,000 to cover other incidental relocation related expenses. 8. You will be eligible to participate in all compensation and employee benefit plans or programs and receive all benefits and perquisites for which any senior executive of Agway is eligible, including, but not limited to, an annual executive physical and executive level long term disability insurance. The effective date for benefits coverage, including medical coverage for yourself  Roy Lubetkin April 20, 2001 Page 3 and your family, will be May 1, 2001. There are no pre-existing condition restrictions under our medical plan. 9. Your start date will be April 30, 2001. 10. Agway will reimburse you for all business related expenses that you incur in connection with the performance of your responsibilities to Agway provided that you document such expenses in accordance with Agway's business expense reimbursement guidelines. 11. Agway will indemnify you according to the terms of an Indemnity Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this letter. 12. You will be an employee at will. However, it is agreed and understood that in the event at any time Agway (or its successor) terminates your employment without cause, you terminate your employment for good reason, or if you die or become permanently disabled to such a degree that you are prevented from performing the usual duties of your position, Agway (or its successor) will pay or provide you with the following separation pay and benefits which shall be in lieu of any and all benefits under Agway's Severance Pay Plan. At solely Agway's option, Agway shall have the right to purchase life insurance and/or disability insurance on you in order to provide the separation pay and benefits payable to you (or your estate) under this letter as a result of your death or disability as described in this letter. a. 150% of your base salary; b. annual bonus at target pro-rated to your date of termination; c. accrued long term incentive at target, pro-rated to your date of termination, however, in case of a change in control (as defined in the Indemnity Agreement) the long term incentive plan shall be deemed fully vested; d. you will be deemed on leave status in order to receive full employee employee benefits at active employee contribution rates for one year; e. executive level career transition assistance services by a firm selected by you and paid for by Agway; f. if the foregoing separation pay and benefits become payable to you within twenty-four months of your start date, Agway will also provide full executive level relocation expenses to the Chicagoland area on a grossed up basis. For purposes of this letter agreement, "cause" means termination of your employment by Agway acting in good faith due to your (i) willful gross misconduct or gross negligence with respect to your responsibilities under this letter agreement including but not limited to misappropriating any funds or property of Agway, committing any act involving fraud, failing to perform in all material respects any duties reasonably required in the course of your employment (other than such failure resulting from your incapacity due to illness) after we have notified you and you have  Roy Lubetkin April 20, 2001 Page 4 failed to correct such failure within 10 days of such notice, violating in any material respect any written policy of Agway or of your duty of loyalty owed to Agway, or acting in any way that is materially detrimental to the business reputation of Agway, (ii) conviction of, or a plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony or crime of moral turpitude, or (iii) willful repeated use of alcohol or drugs, or your untreated alcoholism or drug abuse, in each case impairing your ability to perform your executive responsibilities under this letter agreement. For purposes of this letter agreement, "good reason" means termination of employment by you acting in good faith due to any of the following occurring without your prior written consent (i) any change in your title or reporting relationship, (ii) any diminution in your responsibility or authority or the assignment to you of duties which are inconsistent with responsibilities normally performed by an executive at your level in similar businesses, (iii) any diminution in your compensation or benefits other than (a) a diminution in your compensation that is implemented in connection with an across the board reduction of executive salaries of the Company or (b) a modification or elimination of any benefit plan that affects other employees of Agway or other senior executives of Agway generally, (iv) the requirement that you relocate outside of the Syracuse, NY area, or (v) the requirement that you sign or be bound by a noncompetition agreement. 13. All ongoing costs of your employment, including base salary, annual bonus payments, long term incentive payouts, and other benefits, including but not limited to insurance premiums or other costs required to fund separation pay and benefits available to you or your estate, shall be accounted for as costs of the Country Products Group. Sincerely, /s/ Donald P. Cardarelli - ------------------------ Donald P. Cardarelli President & CEO ACCEPTED AND AGREED: /s/ Roy Lubetkin - ---------------------- Roy Lubetkin April 21, 2001 - ---------------------- Date  EXHIBIT 10.(v)  INDEMNITY AGREEMENT ------------------- This Indemnity Agreement ("Agreement") is made as of April 30, 2001 by and between AGWAY, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Roy Lubetkin, 1470 Littlefield Court, Lake Forest, IL 60045 ("Indemnitee"). RECITALS WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held corporations as directors or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation. WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been a customary and widespread practice among United States-based corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers, and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the Company or business enterprise itself. The By-laws of the Company require indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law ("DGCL"). The By-laws and the DGCL expressly provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the board of directors, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification. WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons. WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Company's stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future. WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified. -1-  WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the By-laws of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder. WHEREAS, Indemnitee does not regard the protection available under the Company's By-laws and insurance as adequate in the present circumstances, and may not be willing to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be so indemnified. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows: 1. SERVICES TO THE COMPANY. Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve, at the will of the Company, as an officer, director or key employee of the Company for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed or until Indemnitee tenders his or her resignation. 2. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement: (a) A "Change in Control" shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events: (i) Acquisition of Stock by Third Party. Any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as defined below), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding Voting Securities; (ii) Change in Board of Directors. During any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a least a majority of the members of the Board; (iii) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the Voting Securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than 51% of the total voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation and with the power to elect at least a majority of the board of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity; -2-  (iv) Liquidation. The approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company's assets; or (v) Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement. (b) Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: (i) "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. (ii) "Person" shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Person shall exclude (i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, and (iii) any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. (iii) "Beneficial Owner" shall have the meaning given to such term in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. (iv) "Corporate Status" describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company. (v) "Disinterested Director" means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. (vi) "Enterprise" shall mean the Company and any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent. (vii) "Expenses" shall include all reasonable attorneys' fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, and all other disbursements or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including without limitation the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas -3-  bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. (viii) References to "other enterprise" shall include employee benefit plans; references to "fines" shall include any excise tax assessed with respect to any employee benefit plan; references to "serving at the request of the Company" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best interests of the Company" as referred to in this Agreement. (ix) The term "Proceeding" shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil, criminal, administrative or investigative nature, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action taken by him or of any inaction on his part while acting as director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that he is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement. (x) "Independent Counsel" means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning the Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term "Independent Counsel" shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee's rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of the Independent Counsel referred to above. (xi) "Voting Securities" means any securities of the Company which vote generally in the election of directors. (xii) A "Potential Change in Control" shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the Company enters into an agreement or arrangement, the consummation of which would result in the occurrence of a Change in Control; (ii) any Person (including the Company) publicly announces an intention to take or consider taking actions which if consummated would constitute a Change in Control; (iii) any Person, who is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities -4-  of the Company representing 5% or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding Voting Securities increases his beneficial ownership of such securities by 5% or more over the percentage so owned by such person on the date hereof; or (iv) the Board adopts a resolution to the effect that, for purposes of this Agreement, a Potential Change of Control has occurred. 3. INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS. The Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness or otherwise) in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 4. INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY. The Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness or otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company , unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Delaware Court of Chancery shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification. 5. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. If the Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably incurred in connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter on which the Indemnitee -5-  was successful. For purposes of this Section and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter. 6. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, he shall be indemnified, defended and held harmless against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith. 7. ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION. (a) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, the Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnity shall be made under this Section 7(a) on account of Indemnitee's conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitee's duty of loyalty to the Company or its stockholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law. (b) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, 5 or 7(a), the Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. 8. CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY. (a) Whether or not any of the indemnification, defense and hold harmless rights provided in Sections 3, 4, 5, 7(a) and 7(b) hereof are available in respect of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), the Company shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount of any judgment or settlement of such Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee. The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee. (b) Without diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set forth in the preceding subparagraph, if, for any reason, Indemnitee shall elect or be required to pay all or any portion of any judgment or settlement in -6-  any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), the Company shall contribute to the amount of expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually incurred and paid or payable by Indemnitee in proportion to the relative benefits received by the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, from the transaction from which such Proceeding arose; provided, however, that the proportion determined on the basis of relative benefit may, to the extent necessary to conform to law, be further adjusted by reference to the relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, in connection with the events that resulted in such expenses, judgments, fines or amounts paid in settlement, as well as any other equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the degree to which their actions were motivated by intent to gain personal profit or advantage, the degree to which their liability is primary or secondary, and the degree to which their conduct is active or passive. (c) The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify, defend and hold harmless Indemnitee from any claims for contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee. 9. EXCLUSIONS. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee: (a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; or (b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or (c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14(d)-(f) hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board of Directors of the Company authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law. -7-  10. ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM. (a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall advance the expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitee's ability to repay the expenses and without regard to Indemnitee's ultimate entitlement to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an action to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances solely upon the execution and delivery to the Company of an undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to repay the advance to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. This Section 10(a) shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which indemnity is excluded pursuant to Section 9. (b) The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense. (c) The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on the Indemnitee without the Indemnitee's prior written consent. 11. PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION. (a) Within sixty (60) days after the actual receipt by Indemnitee of notice that he or she is a party to or a participant (as a witness or otherwise) in any Proceeding, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written notice identifying the Proceeding. The omission by the Indemnitee to notify the Company will not relieve the Company from any liability which it may have to Indemnitee (i) otherwise than under this Agreement, and (ii) under this Agreement only to the extent the Company can establish that such omission to notify resulted in actual prejudice to the Company. (b) Indemnitee shall thereafter deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, the Indemnitee's entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12(a) of this Agreement. 12. PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION. (a) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to Section 11(b), a determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitee's entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods, which shall be at the election of Indemnitee: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board; or (ii) by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board , a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, -8-  payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitee's entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys' fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitee's entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. (b) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12(a) hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12(b). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board of Directors), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board of Directors, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within 10 days after such written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of "Independent Counsel" as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within 20 days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11(a) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the other's selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Court or by such other person as the Court shall designate, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 12(a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing). (c) The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel. -9-  13. PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS. (a) In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11(b) of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or independent legal counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or independent legal counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct. (b) If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee's statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto. (c) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. (d) Reliance as Safe Harbor. For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitee's action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise. The provisions of this Section 13(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which the Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement. -10-  (e) Actions of Others. The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. 14. REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE. (a) In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement within 45 days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5 , 6, 7, 8 or the last sentence of Section 12(a) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, or (v) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Delaware Court (as defined below) to such indemnification or advancement of Expenses. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitee's right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. (b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitee's entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed). (c) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee's statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law. (d) In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 14, seeks a judicial adjudication of or an award in arbitration to enforce his rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to recover from the Company, and shall be -11-  indemnified by the Company against, any and all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in such judicial adjudication or arbitration. If it shall be determined in said judicial adjudication or arbitration that Indemnitee is entitled to receive part but not all of the indemnification or advancement of Expenses sought, the Indemnitee shall be entitled to recover from the Company, and shall be indemnified by the Company against, any and all Expenses reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with such judicial adjudication or arbitration . (e) The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. (f) The Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Company's receipt of such written request) advance such Expenses to Indemnitee, which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee for (i) indemnification or advances of Expenses by the Company under the Agreement or any other agreement or provision of the Company's Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws now or hereafter in effect or (ii) recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advance or insurance recovery, as the case may be. 15. ESTABLISHMENT OF TRUST. In the event of a Potential Change in Control, the Company shall, upon written request by Indemnitee, create a "Trust" for the benefit of Indemnitee and from time to time upon written request of Indemnitee shall fund such Trust in an amount sufficient to satisfy any and all Expenses reasonably anticipated at the time of each such request to be incurred in connection with investigating, preparing for, participating in or defending any Proceedings, and any and all judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such judgments, fines penalties and amounts paid in settlement) in connection with any and all Proceedings from time to time actually paid or claimed, reasonably anticipated or proposed to be paid. The trustee of the Trust (the "Trustee") shall be a bank or trust company or other individual or entity chosen by the Indemnitee and approved by the Company. Nothing in this Section 15 shall relieve the Company of any of its obligations under this Agreement. The amount or amounts to be deposited in the Trust pursuant to the foregoing funding obligation shall be determined by the Disinterested Directors. The terms of the Trust shall provide that upon a Change in Control (i) the Trust shall not be revoked or the principal thereof invaded, without the written consent of the Indemnitee, (ii) the Trustee shall advance, within two business days of a request by the Indemnitee and upon the execution and delivery to the Company of an undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to repay the advance to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company, any and all Expenses to the Indemnitee, (iii) the Trust shall continue to be funded by the Company in accordance with the funding obligations set forth above, (iv) the Trustee shall promptly pay to the Indemnitee all amounts for which the Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, and (v) all unexpended funds in such Trust shall revert to the -12-  Company upon a final determination by the Disinterested Directors, Independent Counsel or a court of competent jurisdiction, as the case may be, that the Indemnitee has been fully indemnified under the terms of this Agreement. 16. SECURITY. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, to the extent requested by the Indemnitee and approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to the Indemnitee for the Company's obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to the Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of the Indemnitee. 17. NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION. (a) The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Company's Certificate of Incorporation, the Company's By- laws, any agreement, a vote of stockholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in Delaware law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Company's By- laws and this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. (b) To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees, partners, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. (c) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. -13-  (d) The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable (or for which advancement is provided hereunder) hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise. (e) The Company's obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses here under to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. 18. DURATION OF AGREEMENT. This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon the later of: (a) ten (10) years after the date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which Indemnitee served at the request of the Company; or (b) one (1) year after the final termination of any Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto) then pending in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of Expenses hereunder and of any proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement relating thereto (including any rights of appeal of any Section 14 Proceeding). 19. SEVERABILITY. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. 20. ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT. (a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director or officer of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director or officer of the Company. (b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. -14-  (c) The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors, shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise at the Company's request, and shall inure to   the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. (d) The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all,substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. (e) The parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing irreparable harm or posting a bond, which requirements are hereby waived, and that by seeking specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he may be entitled. 21 . MODIFICATION AND WAIVER. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 22. NOTICE BY INDEMNITEE. Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to the Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise. 23. NOTICES. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (a) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (b) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed: (a) If to Indemnitee , at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company. (b) If to the Company to: Agway, Inc. 333 Butternut Drive DeWitt, NY 13214 Attention: General Counsel -15-  or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee in writing by the Company. 24. CONTRIBUTION. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding; and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). 25. APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 13(a) of this Agreement, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the "Delaware Court"), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) appoint, to the extent such party is not a resident of the State of Delaware, irrevocably RL&F Service Corp., One Rodney Square, 10th Floor, 10th and King Streets, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 as its agent in the State of Delaware as such party's agent for acceptance of legal process in connection with any such action or proceeding against such party with the same legal force and validity as if served upon such party personally within the State of Delaware, (iv) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (v) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. 26. IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement. -16-  27. MISCELLANEOUS. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written. AGWAY, INC. INDEMNITEE By: /s/ Donald P. Cardarelli /s/ Roy Lubetkin ----------------------------- ------------------------------------- DONALD P. CARDARELLI ROY LUBETKIN Chief Executive Officer 1470 Littlefield Court Lake Forest, IL 60045 -17-  EXHIBIT 10.(w)  Name: Roy Lubetkin Position: President, CPG - ------------------------------------------------------------------------- Incentive Plans For Period Beginning July 1, 2001 I. Annual Incentive Plan (AIP) for Fiscal Year 2002, ending June 30, 2002 Part (1) o Target payout is 50% of base salary as of June 30, 2002 o Performance metrics as per  FY02 Annual Incentive Plan Scale: -------------------------------- o EBITDA and ROI (EBIT/Average Total Investment) o Weighted 50/50 o Scale: see attached scale ranging from 0 to 150% of target payout o To earn the EBITDA portion of the AIP, the Credit Covenant threshold must be achieved (75% of Budget) for the covenant periods as follows: o 12/23/00 to 9/30/01 $(6.3MM) o 12/23/00 to 12/31/01 $(5.3MM) o 4/1/01 to 3/31/02 $(3.7MM) o 7/1/01 to 6/30/02 $ 2.9MM o o EBITDA will be calculated after the accrual of the expense for the incentive o Cash payment made in lump sum by September 30, 2002 Part (2) o Earn 50% of June 30, 2001 base salary upon completion of strategic plan for the Produce and Sunflower businesses ($175,000) o Cash payment made in lump sum within 90 days of completion of plan Part (3) o Pro-rated payout at target (50% of June 30, 2001 base salary) for months of May and June, 2001 ($29,167) o Cash payment made in lump sum at same time as Part (1), by September 30, 2002 1  FY02 Annual Incentive Plan Scale - --------------------------------- EBITDA: Budget = $3.916 million Target = $4.416 million EBITDA Earned % of Target Bonus Payout ------------- ------------------------ Less than $3.916MM 0 $3.916MM 50 $4.416MM 100 $5.000MM 150 ROI %: Target = Budget = .6% = EBIT/Average Total Investment = $278M/$45,233M ROI % of Target Bonus Payout --- ------------------------ Less than .3% 0 .3% 50 .6% 100 1.6% 150 Sample Calculation (weighting of EBITDA and ROI is 50/50) Example: o EBITDA is $4.6MM and ROI is 1.7% o Target incentive is $175,000 (50% of base salary on June 30, 2002) o Calculation: o .5(1.0   175,000) + .5(1.5   175,000) = $218,750 o If an EBITDA covenant threshold was not met, then the payout would just be the ROI part of the bonus or $131,250 in this example. 2  II. Three Year Incentive Plan for Period Ending 6/30/04 Accumulative EBITDA = $21.261M 50% Base Salary  Accumulative EBITDA = $24M 75% Base Salary  Accumulative EBITDA = $26M 100% Base Salary  ( Base Salary As Of June 30, 2004) Definition: Accumulative EBITDA Target = $24M Accumulative EBITDA Budget = $21.261M III. Consideration will be given for additional incentives as a result of one- time events that financially benefit Agway and occur during the term of the plans. Payout Provisions (a) Incentives earned under this plan are taken into account for purposes of Agway's employee benefit plan programs to the extent provided by the terms of those programs in effect at the time payments are made. (b) Payouts shall be made in a lump sum within 90 days after the end of the term of the respective incentive plan. (c) EBITDA will be calculated after the accrual of the expense for the incentive. (d) For purposes of these incentive plans, "base salary" means the employees annual salary before bonuses or other incentives. V. Conditions This plan is subject to the terms of the employment letter from Don Cardarelli dated April 20, 2001. This plan shall not be interpreted to provide any duplication of payments required under the employment letter. 3  EXHIBIT 10.(x)  Name: Roy Lubetkin Position: President, CPG - ------------------------------------------------------------------------- Incentive Plans For Period Beginning July 1, 2002 1. Annual Incentive Plan for Fiscal 2003, Ending June 30, 2003 Part A = Agway EBITDA: EBITDA = $21.44 12.5% of Base Salary  EBITDA = $26.8M 25% of Base Salary  EBITDA = $32.16 50% of Base Salary  Part B = CPG EBITDA: EBITDA = Break Even 12.5% of Base Salary  EBITDA = $.5M 25% of Base Salary  EBITDA = $1.0M 50% of Base Salary  ( Base Salary As Of June 30, 2003) Note: Agway EBITDA Budget = $26.8M CPG EBITDA Budget = ($.61M) 2. Three Year Incentive Plan for Period Ending 6/30/04 Accumulative EBITDA = $21.261M 50% Base Salary   Accumulative EBITDA = $24M 75% Base Salary   Accumulative EBITDA = $26M 100% Base Salary   (  Base Salary As Of June 30, 2004) Definition: Accumulative EBITDA Target = $24M Accumulative EBITDA Budget = $21.261M 3. Three Year Incentive Plan for Period Ending 6/30/05 The payout will be the average of the payout received for the three annual incentive plans ending June 30, 2002, June 30, 2003, and June 30. 2004 4. Consideration will be given for additional incentives as a result of one-time events that financially benefit Agway and occur during the term of the plans. 5. Due to the impact of the changes in the businesses that will occur during the term of the plan, discretion will be allowed when calculating the payout for items 1, 2, 3 and 4 above. 1  6. Payout Provisions (a) Incentives earned under this plan are taken into account for purposes of Agway's employee benefit plan programs to the extent provided by the terms of those programs in effect at the time payments are made. (b) Payouts shall be made in a lump sum within 90 days after the end of the term of the respective incentive plan. (c) EBITDA will be calculated after the accrual of the expense for the incentive. (d) For purposes of these incentive plans, "base salary" means the employees annual salary before bonuses or other incentives. V. Conditions This plan is subject to the terms of the employment letter from Don Cardarelli dated April 20, 2001. This plan shall not be interpreted to provide any duplication of payments required under the employment letter. 2  EXHIBIT 10.(y)  Name: Dan Edinger Position: President, Telmark - -------------------------------------------------------------------- Incentive Plans For Period Beginning July 1, 2001 - ------------------------------------------------- 1. Annual Incentive Plan for Fiscal 2002, Ending June 30, 2002 EBT = $21.5M 10% Base Salary  Currency 96.5% 10% Base Salary  --------------------------------------------------------------------- Incentive for Meeting Both = 25% Base Salary  EBT = $22.0M 20% Base Salary  Currency 97.0% 20% Base Salary  --------------------------------------------------------------------- Incentive for Meeting Both = 50% Base Salary EBT = $22.5M 30% Base Salary  Currency 97.5% 30% Base Salary  --------------------------------------------------------------------- Incentive for Meeting Both = 75% Base Salary  ( Base Salary As of June 30, 2002) Definitions: EBT Target = $22.0M EBT Budget = $21.5M  Total Portfolio Currency Target = 97.0%  Total Portfolio Currency Budget = 97.0% ( Currency As Calculated in the Fiscal 2002 Telmark Budget) 2. Three Year Incentive Plan for Period Ending 6/30/04 Accumulative 3 Year EBT = $68.25M 50% Base Salary  Accumulative 3 Year EBT = $70.25M 75% Base Salary  Accumulative 3 year EBT = $72.25M 100% Base Salary  ( Base salary As of June 30, 2004) Definitions Accumulative EBT Target = $70.25M Accumulative EBT Budget = $68.25M 3. Consideration will be given for additional incentives as a result of one-time events that financially benefit Agway and occur during the term of the plans. 1  4. Payout Provisions (a) If EBT and currency targets are met at different levels, the payout is the sum of the two individual payouts. Example: If annual plan results for EBT equals Target at $22.0M (20% Payout) and currency 96.5% (10% Payout), the total payout will be 30% of Base Salary. (b) All payouts will be in cash and paid from Telmark earnings. Payouts shall be made in a lump sum within 90 days after the end of the term of the respective incentive plan. (c) EBT will be calculated after the accrual of the expense for the incentive. 5. Conditions (a) If the employee voluntarily terminates employment for good reason (as hereinafter defined) or if Agway terminates his employment without cause (as hereinafter defined) during the plan period, he will be eligible for a payout under both plans. The payout will be calculated on a pro-rated basis (using completed weeks of service during the incentive period) representative of the employee's period of active full time employment during the term of each such plan. (b) If the employee dies, retires (as hereinafter defined), or becomes permanently disabled to such a degree that he is prevented from performing the usual duties of his position, he (or his estate) will be eligible for a payout under both plans. The payout will be calculated on a pro-rated basis (using completed weeks of service during the incentive period) representative of the employee's period of active full time employment during the term of each such plan. (c) If there is a change of control (as defined in the Indemnification Agreement between Agway Inc. and the employee) during the plan period, the employee will be deemed fully vested in both the annual and long-term incentive plans. Fully vested means the payout will be fully earned without a reduction. (d) The payout for three events, 5(a), (b), and (c) above, will be calculated based upon target performance. Upon the occurrence of one 2  of these three events (a), (b) or (c) the employee (or his estate) will also receive a payout equal to 100% of his base salary. Payout for these three events, 5(a), (b), and (c) above and payment of base salary shall be made in a lump sum within 90 days after the occurrence of the event. (e) If the employee voluntarily quits without good reason or if Agway terminates his employment for cause during an unexpired plan period, he will not be eligible for any part of any payout, payments or other compensation identified in this document for the applicable plan period. (f) Incentives earned under this plan are taken into account for purposes of Agway's employee benefit plan programs to the extent provided by the terms of those programs in effect at the time payments are made. (g) Under any of the events described in 5(a), (b) or (c) above, (i) the employee will be deemed on leave status in order to receive full employee benefits at active employee contribution rates for one year, and (ii) the employee will receive for one year following his termination executive level career transition assistance services by a firm selected by the employee and paid for by Agway. In these incentive plans, "you" and "your" refer to and mean the employee. For purposes of these incentive plans, "cause" means termination of your employment by Agway acting in good faith due to your (i) willful gross misconduct or gross negligence with respect to your responsibilities, including but not limited to misappropriating any funds or property of Agway, committing any act involving fraud, failing to perform in all material respects any duties reasonably required in the course of your employment (other than such failure resulting from your incapacity due to illness) after Agway has notified you and you have failed to correct such failure within 10 days of such notice, violating in any material respect any written policy of Agway or of your duty of loyalty owed to Agway, or acting in any way that is materially detrimental to the business reputation of Agway, (ii) conviction of, or a plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony or crime of moral turpitude, or (iii) willful repeated use of alcohol or drugs, or your untreated alcoholism or drug abuse, in each case impairing your ability to perform your executive responsibilities. For purposes of these incentive plans, "good reason" means termination of employment by you acting in good faith due to any of the following occurring 3  without your prior consent (i) any adverse change in your title or any change in your reporting relationship, (ii) any diminution in your responsibility or authority or the assignment to you of duties which are inconsistent with responsibilities normally performed by an executive at your level in similar businesses, (iii) any diminution in your compensation or benefits other than (a) a diminution in your compensation that is implemented in connection with an across the board reduction of executive salaries of the Company or (b) a modification or elimination of any benefit plan that affects other employees of Agway or other senior executives of Agway generally, (iv) the requirement that you relocate outside of the Syracuse, NY area, or (v) the requirement that you sign or be bound by a written noncompetition agreement. For purposes of these incentive plans, "retire" means attaining the age of 59 1/2 and having at least 3 years of continuous active full-time employment with Agway immediately prior to the date of retirement. For purposes of these incentive plans, "Base Salary" means the employee's annual salary at the time of the event or indicated determination date before bonuses or other incentives. 6. Miscellaneous (a) The incentive plans are not a contract for continued employment and do not limit the right of Agway to terminate your employment. You are, and shall remain, an employee at will. (b) Annual incentive plans targeted at 50% of Base Salary and multi-year incentive plans targeted at 75% of Base Salary with substantially the same parameters for payment as set forth in Section 1 above will be initiated in each ensuing fiscal year. (c) All payments under the incentive plans are subject to income tax and employment tax withholding. 4 EXHIBIT 10.(z)  Name: Dan Edinger Position: President, Telmark - -------------------------------------------------------------------- Incentive Plans For Period Beginning July 1, 2002 - ------------------------------------------------- 1. Annual Incentive Plan for Fiscal 2003, Ending June 30, 2003 EBT = $24.0M 10% Base Salary  Currency 96.5% 10% Base Salary  --------------------------------------------------------------------- Incentive for Meeting Both = 25% Base Salary  EBT = $24.5M 20% Base Salary  Currency 97.0% 20% Base Salary  --------------------------------------------------------------------- Incentive for Meeting Both = 50% Base Salary EBT = $25.0M 30% Base Salary  Currency 97.5% 30% Base Salary  --------------------------------------------------------------------- Incentive for Meeting Both = 75% Base Salary  ( Base Salary As of June 30, 2003) Definitions: EBT Target = $24.5M EBT Budget = $24.0M  Total Portfolio Currency Target = 97.0%  Total Portfolio Currency Budget = 97.0% ( Currency As Calculated in the Fiscal 2002 Telmark Budget) 2. Three Year Incentive Plan for Period Ending 6/30/04 Accumulative 3 Year EBT = $68.25M 50% Base Salary  Accumulative 3 Year EBT = $70.25M 75% Base Salary  Accumulative 3 year EBT = $72.25M 100% Base Salary  ( Base salary As of June 30, 2004) Definitions Accumulative EBT Target = $70.25M Accumulative EBT Budget = $68.25M 3. Three Year Incentive Plan for Period Ending 6/30/05 The payout will be the average of the payout received for the three annual incentive plans ending June 30, 2003, June 30, 2004, and June 30, 2005. 1  4. Consideration will be given for additional incentives as a result of one- time events that financially benefit Agway and occur during the term of the plans. 5. Payout Provisions (a) If EBT and currency targets are met at different levels, the payout is the sum of the two individual payouts. Example: If annual plan results for EBT equals Target at $24.5M (20% Payout) and currency 96.5% (10% Payout), the total payout will be 30% of Base Salary. (b) All payouts will be in cash and paid from Telmark earnings. Payouts shall be made in a lump sum within 90 days after the end of the term of the respective incentive plan. (c) EBT will be calculated after the accrual of the expense for the incentive. 6. Conditions (a) If the employee voluntarily terminates employment for good reason (as hereinafter defined) or if Agway terminates his employment without cause (as hereinafter defined) during the plan period, he will be eligible for a payout under each plan. The payout will be calculated on a pro-rated basis (using completed weeks of service during the incentive period) representative of the employee's period of active full time employment during the term of each such plan. (b) If the employee dies, retires (as hereinafter defined), or becomes permanently disabled to such a degree that he is prevented from performing the usual duties of his position, he (or his estate) will be eligible for a payout under each plan. The payout will be calculated on a pro-rated basis (using completed weeks of service during the incentive period) representative of the employee's period of active full time employment during the term of each such plan. (c) If there is a change in control (as hereinafter defined) during the plan period, the employee will be deemed fully vested in each annual and multi-year incentive plan. Fully vested means the payout will be fully earned without a reduction. 2  (d) The payout for three events, 5(a), (b), and (c) above, will be calculated based upon target performance. Upon the occurrence of one of these three events (a), (b) or (c) the employee (or his estate) will also receive a payout equal to 100% of his base salary. Payout for these three events, 5(a), (b), and (c) above and payment of base salary shall be made in a lump sum within 90 days after the occurrence of the event. (e) If the employee voluntarily quits without good reason or if Agway terminates his employment for cause during an unexpired plan period, he will not be eligible for any part of any payout, payments or other compensation identified in this document for the applicable plan period. (f) Incentives earned under this plan are taken into account for purposes of Agway's employee benefit plan programs to the extent provided by the terms of those programs in effect at the time payments are made. (g) Under any of the events described in 5(a), (b) or (c) above, (i) the employee will be deemed on leave status in order to receive full employee benefits at active employee contribution rates for one year, and (ii) the employee will receive for one year following his termination executive level career transition assistance services by a firm selected by the employee and paid for by Agway. In these incentive plans, "you" and "your" refer to and mean the employee. For purposes of these incentive plans, "cause" means termination of your employment by Agway acting in good faith due to your (i) willful gross misconduct or gross negligence with respect to your responsibilities, including but not limited to misappropriating any funds or property of Agway, committing any act involving fraud, failing to perform in all material respects any duties reasonably required in the course of your employment (other than such failure resulting from your incapacity due to illness) after Agway has notified you and you have failed to correct such failure within 10 days of such notice, violating in any material respect any written policy of Agway or of your duty of loyalty owed to Agway, or acting in any way that is materially detrimental to the business reputation of Agway, (ii) conviction of, or a plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony or crime of moral turpitude, or (iii) willful repeated use of alcohol or drugs, or your untreated alcoholism or drug abuse, in each case impairing your ability to perform your executive responsibilities. 3  For purposes of these incentive plans, "good reason" means termination of employment by you acting in good faith due to any of the following occurring without your prior consent (i) any adverse change in your title or any change in your reporting relationship, (ii) any diminution in your responsibility or authority or the assignment to you of duties which are inconsistent with responsibilities normally performed by an executive at your level in similar businesses, (iii) any diminution in your compensation or benefits other than (a) a diminution in your compensation that is implemented in connection with an across the board reduction of executive salaries of the Company or (b) a modification or elimination of any benefit plan that affects other employees of Agway or other senior executives of Agway generally, (iv) the requirement that you relocate outside of the Syracuse, NY area, or (v) the requirement that you sign or be bound by a written noncompetition agreement. For purposes of these incentive plans, "change in control" means any of the following: (i) a person or entity or group of persons or entities independent of Agway, Inc., acting in concert, shall become the direct or indirect beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company representing twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the combined voting power of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company; or (ii) the majority of the Company's Board of Directors is no longer comprised of the incumbent directors who constitute the Board of Directors on the effective date of this incentive plan and any other individual(s) who becomes a director subsequent to the date of this incentive plan whose initial election or nomination for election as a director, as the case may be, was approved by at least a majority of the directors who comprised the incumbent directors as of the date of such election or nomination; or (iii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company; or (iv) the Board shall approve any merger, consolidation, or like business combination or reorganization of the Company, the consummation of which would result in the occurrence of any event described in clause (ii) above, and such transaction shall have been consummated. For purposes of these incentive plans, "retire" means attaining the age of 59 1/2 and having at least 3 years of continuous active full-time employment with Agway immediately prior to the date of retirement. For purposes of these incentive plans, "Base Salary" means the employee's annual salary at the time of the event or indicated determination date before bonuses or other incentives. 4  7. Miscellaneous (a) The incentive plans are not a contract for continued employment and do not limit the right of Agway to terminate your employment. You are, and shall remain, an employee at will. (b) Annual incentive plans and multi-year incentive plans with substantially the same parameters for payment as set forth in this document will be initiated in each ensuing fiscal year. (c) All payments under the incentive plans are subject to income tax and employment tax withholding. (d) The amounts payable under this plan are obligations of Telmark LLC.  EXHIBIT 10.(aa)  CONFIDENTIAL September 26, 2002 ------------ To: D. J. Edinger From: D. P. Cardarelli Re: INCENTIVE --------- Dan, please refer to the following regarding the components of your incentive compensation that may be payable in the event of Agway's "sale of Telmark" during Agway's fiscal year ending June 30, 2003. This letter supercedes and replaces the November 30, 2001 memo from Jerry Seeber to you and the July 19, 2002 memo from me to you. 1. If you voluntarily leave Agway at the end of the closing of any sale of Telmark during the fiscal year ending June 30, 2003, whether or not to join the acquirer, under your Executive Incentive Plan for Period Beginning July 1, 2002, you will be considered to have terminated employment for "good reason." Therefore, you will be eligible for a payout of one times your base salary and a payout of both your annual and multi-year incentives at target, each, pro-rated for time in plan. In addition, Telmark will also provide a retention incentive ("stay pay") for you to stay as President of Telmark during the period ending September 30, 2003 (or earlier date if employment is terminated for "good reason") of $230,022. You will receive 50% of the stay pay as of March 31, 2003 and the remaining 50% as of September 30, 2003. In the event of a sale of Telmark before September 30, 2003, you will receive 100% of the stay pay, less any stay pay payments previously received. 2. In addition to any payments that may be made to you pursuant to your Executive Incentive Plan and for stay pay, Telmark will also provide an incentive for any sale of Telmark through September 30, 2003. This incentive is provided in recognition of the added responsibilities you have assumed and will assume to prepare for and complete a sale of Telmark. This component will provide you with an incentive/bonus payment equal to the difference between (a) $985,000, and (b) the amount payable to you pursuant to paragraph 1. In other words, if the closing of a sale of Telmark occurs on or before September 30, 2003, and if you remain as President of Telmark through the closing date, you will receive a combined amount equal to $985,000, a portion of which will be paid pursuant to your Executive Incentive Plan, a portion for stay pay, and the balance of which will be paid as an incentive/bonus for a sale of Telmark. This payment would be made regardless of the actual sale price.  - 2 - 3. Your right to the incentive/bonus payment described above, however, is subject to the following added conditions: a. No amount will be payable pursuant to paragraph 2 if the closing date of the sale of Telmark does not occur on or before September 30, 2003. b. No amount will be payable pursuant to paragraph 2 if you voluntarily terminate your employment prior to the closing of a sale of Telmark or if you continue your employment with Agway after the closing of a sale of Telmark. c. The amount payable pursuant to paragraphs 1 and 2 is an obligation of Telmark LLC. d. This letter is not intended as a duplication of amounts that would otherwise be payable to you under your Executive Incentive Plan. The provisions of your Executive Incentive Plan shall remain in force and effect. e. In order to avoid the application of Internal Revenue Code Sections 280G and 4999 to any payments that may be made to you, in no event will you be entitled to payments pursuant to this memo, your Executive Incentive Plan, or otherwise that would result in the application of the non-deduction and excise tax consequences imposed by Internal Revenue Code Sections 280G and 4999. Payments to you pursuant to this memo will be limited to the extent necessary to avoid any such application. 4. "Sale of Telmark" means a sale of Agway's ownership interest in Telmark, a sale of substantially all of the assets of Telmark or a transfer of substantially all of the employees of Telmark to another party, such other party to be administering substantially all of the assets of Telmark. Dan, as evidence of receipt and acceptance of the contents of this letter, please sign and return one copy of this letter. Thank you. /s/ Donald P. Cardarelli - -------------------------------- Donald P. Cardarelli President and CEO Agway Inc. /s/ Daniel J. Edinger - -------------------------------- Date: September 26 , 2002 Daniel J. Edinger ---------------------- President Telmark LLC /pf cc: S. H. Hoefer  EXHIBIT 10.(ab)  Name's: - ------- Jerry Seeber - ------------ Positions: - ---------- Chief Financial Officer, & Chief Administration Officer --------------------------------------------------------- Incentive Plans For Period Beginning July 1, 2001 ------------------------------------------------- 1. Annual Incentive Plan for Fiscal 2002, Ending June 30, 2002 EBITDA = $32.428M 10% Base Salary  Improve Agway Ops Leverage to 3.4 to 1 20% Base Salary  --------------------------------------------------------------------- Incentive for Meeting Both = 35% Base Salary  EBITDA = $34.428M 15% Base Salary  Improve Agway Ops Leverage to 3.3 to 1 25% Base Salary  --------------------------------------------------------------------- Incentive for Meeting Both = 50% Base Salary  EBITDA = $36.428M 30% Base Salary  Improve Agway Ops Leverage to 3.2 to 1 45% Base Salary  --------------------------------------------------------------------- Incentive for Meeting Both = 75% Base Salary  ( Base Salary As Of June 30, 2002) Definitions:  EBITDA Target = $34.428M  EBITDA Budget = $32.428M  Agway Ops Leverage Target - Debt/Equity = 3.3 To 1  Agway Ops Leverage Budget - Debt/Equity = 3.52 To 1 ( Based On Agway Operations Level) 2. Two Year Incentive Plan for Period Ending 6/30/03 Improve Agway Ops Leverage To 3.1 to 1 50% Base Salary  Improve Agway Ops Leverage To 2.9 to 1 75% Base Salary  Improve Agway Ops Leverage To 2.7 to 1 100% Base Salary  (Agway Operations Leverage Budget - Debt/Equity - 6/30/03 = 3.56 to 1) ( Base Salary As Of June 30, 2003) 3. Consideration will be given for additional incentives as a result of one-time events that financially benefit Agway and occur during the term of the plans. 1  4. Payout Provisions (a) If EBITDA and Leverage Targets are met at different levels for the purposeof annual incentive calculation, the payout is the sum of the two individual payouts. Example: If annual results for EBITDA equals Target at $34.428M (15% Payout) and annual leverage result equals maximum payout level of 3.2 to 1 (45% Payout), the total payout will be 60% of Base Salary. (b) All payouts will be in cash and shall be made in a lump sum within 90 days after the end of the term of the respective incentive plan. (c) EBITDA will be calculated after the accrual of the expense for the incentive. (d) EBITDA financial covenants under Agway Inc.'s principal credit agreements in effect at the time of each reporting period, both quarterly and annually, must be exceeded in order for a payout to be made under the EBITDA incentive calculations contained in this agreement. 5. Conditions (a) If the employee voluntarily terminates employment for good reason (as hereinafter defined) or if Agway terminates his employment without cause (as hereinafter defined) during the plan period, he will be eligible for a payout under both plans. The payout will be calculated on a pro-rated basis (using completed weeks of service during the incentive period) representative of the employee's period of active full time employment during the term of each such plan. (b) If the employee dies, retires (as hereinafter defined), or becomes permanently disabled to such a degree that he is prevented from performing the usual duties of his position, he (or his estate) will be eligible for a payout under both plans. The payout will be calculated on a pro-rated basis (using completed weeks of service during the incentive period) representative of the employee's period of active full time employment during the term of each such plan. (c) If there is a change of control (as defined in the Indemnification Agreement between Agway Inc. and the employee) during the plan period, the employee will be deemed fully vested in both the annual and long-term incentive plans. Fully vested means the payout will be fully earned without a reduction. 2  (d) The payout for three events, 5(a), (b), and (c) above, will be calculated based upon target performance. Upon the occurrence of one of these three events (a), (b) or (c) the employee (or his estate) will also receive a payout equal to 100% of his base salary. Payout for these three events, 5(a), (b), and (c) above and payment of base salary shall be made in a lump sum within 90 days after the occurrence of the event. (e) If the employee voluntarily quits without good reason or if Agway terminates his employment for cause during an unexpired plan period, he will not be eligible for any part of any payout, payments or other compensation identified in this document for the applicable plan period. (f) Incentives earned under this plan are taken into account for purposes of Agway's employee benefit plan programs to the extent provided by the terms of those programs in effect at the time payments are made. (g) Under any of the events described in 5(a), (b) or (c) above, (i) the employee will be deemed on leave status in order to receive full employee benefits at active employee contribution rates for one year, and (ii) the employee will receive for one year following his termination executive level career transition assistance services by a firm selected by the employee and paid for by Agway. In these incentive plans, "you" and "your" refer to and mean the employee. For purposes of these incentive plans, "cause" means termination of your employment by Agway acting in good faith due to your (i) willful gross misconduct or gross negligence with respect to your responsibilities, including but not limited to misappropriating any funds or property of Agway, committing any act involving fraud, failing to perform in all material respects any duties reasonably required in the course of your employment (other than such failure resulting from your incapacity due to illness) after Agway has notified you and you have failed to correct such failure within 10 days of such notice, violating in any material respect any written policy of Agway or of your duty of loyalty owed to Agway, or acting in any way that is materially detrimental to the business reputation of Agway, (ii) conviction of, or a plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony or crime of moral turpitude, or (iii) willful repeated use of alcohol or drugs, or your untreated alcoholism or drug abuse, in each case impairing your ability to perform your executive responsibilities. 3  For purposes of these incentive plans, "good reason" means termination of employment by you acting in good faith due to any of the following occurring without your prior consent (i) any adverse change in your title or any change in your reporting relationship, (ii) any diminution in your responsibility or authority or the assignment to you of duties which are inconsistent with responsibilities normally performed by an executive at your level in similar businesses, (iii) any diminution in your compensation or benefits other than (a) a diminution in your compensation that is implemented in connection with an across the board reduction of executive salaries of the Company or (b) a modification or elimination of any benefit plan that affects other employees of Agway or other senior executives of Agway generally, (iv) the requirement that you relocate outside of the Syracuse, NY area, or (v) the requirement that you sign or be bound by a written noncompetition agreement. For purposes of these incentive plans, "retire" means attaining the age of 59 1/2 and having at least 3 years of continuous active full-time employment with Agway immediately prior to the date of retirement. For purposes of these incentive plans, "Base Salary" means the employee's annual salary at the time of the event or indicated determination date before bonuses or other incentives. 6. Miscellaneous (a) The incentive plans are not a contract for continued employment and do not limit the right of Agway to terminate your employment. You are, and shall remain, an employee at will. (b) Annual incentive plans targeted at 50% of Base Salary and multi- year incentive plans targeted at 75% of Base Salary with substantially the same parameters for payment as set forth in Section 1 above will be initiated in each ensuing fiscal year. (c) All payments under the incentive plans are subject to income tax and employment tax withholding. 4  EXHIBIT 10.(ac)  (logo) AGWAY INC. PO BOX 4933, SYRACUSE, NEW YORK 13221-4933 315-449-6127 Donald P. Cardarelli President and Chief Executive Officer January 14, 2002 To: G. R. Seeber Re: Incentive Jerry, please refer to the following regarding the components of your incentive compensation that will be payable in the event of Agway's sale of Agway Insurance Company: 1. If you voluntarily leave Agway at the time of the closing of any sale of Agway Insurance Company, whether or not to join the acquirer, under your Executive Incentive Plans for Period Beginning July 1, 2001, you will be considered to have terminated employment for "good reason." Therefore, you will be eligible for a payout of one times your base salary and a payout of both your annual and multi-year incentives at target, each pro-rated for time in plan. An example of your payout if closing were to occur on May 31, 02, follows: Closing for an Agway Insurance Company Sale Occurs 5/31/02 The foregoing is only an example of the cash payment that may be made to you pursuant to your Executive Incentive Plans for Period Beginning July 1, 2001. (This is not intended as a duplication of amounts that would otherwise be payable to you under that plan.) The provisions of your Executive Incentive Plan shall remain in full force and effect. 2. In addition to any payments that may be made to you pursuant to your Executive Incentive Plan, Agway will also provide an additional incentive/bonus for you to stay as President of Agway Insurance Company through any sale of Agway Insurance Company. This section is in recognition of the added responsibilities you have assumed and will assume to prepare for and complete a sale of Agway Insurance Company. Specifically this component will provide you with an incentive/bonus payment equal to 2% of the gross sale price that Agway receives from such a sales transaction or one times your current base salary of $338,000, whichever is greater. This payment would be made within 30 days of closing.  - 2 - 3. Your right to the incentive/bonus payment described above, however, is subject to the following added conditions: a. No amount will be payable pursuant to paragraph 2, if the closing of the sale of Agway Insurance Company does not occur on or before December 31, 2002; however, if a definitive agreement has been executed by all parties by December 31, 2002, and such agreement sets forth a required closing date of no later than March 31, 2003, then you will still be entitled to the incentive/bonus payment under paragraph 2 of this letter; b. No amount will be payable pursuant to paragraph 2, if you voluntarily terminate your employment prior to the closing of a sale of Agway Insurance Company, or if you continue your employment with Agway after the closing of a sale of Agway Insurance Company; and c. In order to avoid the application of Internal Revenue Code Sections 280G and 4999 to any payments that may be made to you, in no event will you be entitled to payments pursuant to this memo, your Executive Incentive Plan, or otherwise that would result in the application of the non- deduction and excise tax consequences imposed by Internal Revenue Code Sections 280G and 4999. Payments to you pursuant to this memo will be limited to the extent necessary to avoid any such application. Jerry, we appreciate the many contributions you have made to Agway over the past 32 years. I sincerely hope the above meets with your approval and wish you continued success in the future. /s/ Donald P. Cardarelli ------------------------- DONALD P. CARDARELLI /pf  EXHIBIT 10.(ad)  =================================== ============================================= STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT Between AGWAY, INC. and UNITED FARM FAMILY MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY DATED: June 14, 2002 ========================================================================= =======  TABLE OF CONTENTS -----------------  EXHIBITS - -------- Exhibit A - Covenant Not To Compete Exhibit B - Escrow Agreement Exhibit C - Endorsement Agreement Exhibit D - Transition Services Agreement Exhibit E-1 - Closing Certificate of Seller Exhibit E-2 - Closing Certificate of Purchaser Exhibit F - Opinion of Counsel to Seller Exhibit G-1 - Opinion of Counsel to Purchaser Exhibit G-2 - Opinion of Local Counsel to Purchaser Exhibit H - Financial Statements  STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT ------------------------ This STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made and entered as of June , 2002 by and between AGWAY, INC., an agricultural cooperative --- incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware ("Seller") and UNITED FARM FAMILY MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY, an Indiana mutual property and casualty insurance company (d/b/a Indiana Farm Bureau Insurance "Purchaser"). BACKGROUND ---------- A. Seller owns all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of AGWAY INSURANCE COMPANY, a New York property and casualty insurance company (the "Company"). B. Company is a licensed insurance company under the laws of the State of New York and sixteen other jurisdictions. In connection with the foregoing, Company conducts the business of a licensed property and casualty insurance company including, underwriting, marketing and administering property and casualty insurance policies (the "Business"). C. Purchaser desires to purchase Company and its Business and, accordingly, the Purchaser is willing to purchase from the Seller, and the Seller is willing to sell to the Purchaser, all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Company on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. TERMS ----- NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants, agreements, representations, and warranties set forth in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which hereby are acknowledged, the parties, each intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: ARTICLE 1 --------- DEFINITIONS; GENERAL PROVISIONS ------------------------------- 1.1 Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement and the ----------- attached Exhibits and the Schedules, the following terms shall have the meanings specified or referred to in this Section, unless the context otherwise requires: "ADSP" - is defined in Section 14.7(b). "Agway, Inc. Assets" - certain assets used by Company in its Business that are owned by Seller or Seller's Related Persons (other than Company) and that are to be transferred to Purchaser at Closing as provided in Section 3.1. "Allocation Agreement" - the agreement described in Section 14.7(b). 1 "Balance Sheet" - the statutory balance sheets of Company as of December 31, 2001, copies of which will be included in the Financial Statements. "Balance Sheet Date" - December 31, 2001. "Breach" - a "Breach" of a representation, warranty, covenant, obligation or other provision of this Agreement will be deemed to have occurred if there is or has been any material inaccuracy in, or breach of, or any material failure to perform or comply with, the representation, warranty, covenant, obligation or other provision. "Business" - the business as defined in the Background to this Agreement. "Closing" - the consummation of the purchase of the Purchased Shares, payment of the Purchase Price and execution and delivery of documents as set forth in Article 4 of this Agreement. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or in any document contemplated in this Agreement, all matters at the Closing shall be considered to take place simultaneously and no delivery of any documents shall be deemed complete until all transactions and deliveries of documents are completed. "Closing Date" - the date and time as of which the Closing actually takes place. "Code" - the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor law. "Company" - Agway Insurance Company, a New York property and casualty insurance company. "Company Common Stock" - the authorized capital stock of Company consisting of two hundred sixty-five thousand (265,000) shares of $20 par, capital stock. "Company Employee" - at any specified time, each person directly employed by Company. "Computation" - the computation described in Section 14.7(b). "Consent" - any approval, consent, ratification, waiver, or other authorization or release, including, but not limited to, shareholder approval, board of director approval, third party consent and any Governmental Authorization. "Contemplated Transactions" - the sale and purchase of the Purchased Shares and the consummation of the Related Transactions under this Agreement. "Contract" - any agreement or contract (whether written or oral) that is legally binding. 2  "Covenant Not To Compete" - An agreement among Seller, the Company and Purchaser in the form of Exhibit A to be entered into at Closing. --------- "Damages" - collectively, all claims, Liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, deficiencies, assessments, judgments, costs, expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs and expenses incurred in investigating, preparing, defending against or prosecuting any litigation or claim, action, suit, or other Proceeding or demand), with respect to which the Seller or the Purchaser is entitled to receive indemnification pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13.2 and 13.3, respectively; provided, however, that (i) in no event shall "Damages" include punitive damages or lost profits or other incidental or consequential damages and (ii) in the event that the loss, claim or other Liability that gave rise to the right to receive indemnification (A) is covered by insurance maintained by or for the benefit of the party entitled to receive indemnification or that was heretofore or is hereafter maintained by Company, or (B) results in a Tax Benefit to the party entitled to receive indemnification, the amount of any "Damages" that such party would otherwise be entitled to receive will be reduced by the amount of any such insurance proceeds or Tax Benefit. "Disclosure Schedules" - Schedules referenced in Articles 3 and 5 to be delivered to Purchaser by Seller, and Schedule 6.2(c) to be delivered to Seller by Purchaser, simultaneously with, and pursuant to, this Agreement. "Eligible Claims" - claims with respect to assumed reinsurance written by the Company prior to 1980 that were unreserved, or inadequately reserved, as of December 31, 2001. "Employee Benefit Plans" - collectively, all "plans" (as defined in ERISA Section 3(3)) (i) of which Company is or was a "Plan Sponsor" (as defined in ERISA Section 3(16)(B)) or (ii) to which Company otherwise contributes or has contributed or (iii) in which Company employees otherwise participate or have participated. "Employment Agreement" - an employment agreement to be entered into among Purchaser, Company and Gerald R. Seeber. "Encumbrance" - any mortgage, easement, right of way, charge, claim, community property interest, condition, equitable interest, lien, option, pledge, security interest, right of first refusal or restriction or adverse claim of any kind, including any restriction on use, voting, transfer, receipt of income, or exercise of any other attribute of ownership, or any other encumbrance or exception to title of any kind. "Endorsement Agreement" - An agreement between Seller and Company in the form of Exhibit C to be entered into at Closing. "Environmental, Health and Safety Liabilities" - collectively, any Liabilities arising from or under any Environmental Law or Occupational Safety and Health Law. 3  "ERISA" - the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or any successor law, and regulations and rules issued pursuant to that act or to any successor law. "ERISA Affiliate" - means (a) any corporation included with Company or Seller in a controlled group of corporations within the meaning of Section 414(b) of the Code; (b) any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which is under common control with Company or Seller within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code; (c) any member of any affiliated service group of which Company or Seller is a member within the meaning of Section 414(m) of the Code; or (d) any other person or entity treated as an affiliate of any of Company or Seller under Section 414(o) of the Code. "Escrow Agent" - JPMorgan Chase "Escrow Agreement" - an agreement among the parties and the Escrow Agent in the form of Exhibit B to be entered at Closing. --------- "Escrow Deposit" - the amount to be deposited by Purchaser with the Escrow Agent as provided in Section 2.4. "Financial Statements" - collectively, (i) Company's audited statutory statements of admitted assets, liabilities and surplus as of December 31, 1999, 2000 and 2001, and the related statutory statements of income, changes in surplus, and cash flows for the years then ended, including the notes thereto, prepared by PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP, and (ii) Company's internally prepared balance sheets and related interim statutory statements of income, changes in surplus and cash flows for the period from December 31, 2001 to May 31, 2002. Copies of the audited Financial Statements are attached as Exhibit H. "GAAP" - at any particular time, generally accepted accounting principles as in effect in the United States at such time; provided, however, that, if it is or was permissible to use more than one principle at such time in respect of a particular accounting matter, "GAAP" shall refer to the principle which is or was then employed by Company. "Governmental Authorization" - any Consent, license or permit issued, granted or given by or under the authority of any Governmental Body or pursuant to any Legal Requirement. "Governmental Body" - any federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other governmental or quasi-governmental entity, including an arbitrator, or authority of any nature. "Income Tax" - any Tax measured in whole or part by gross income, adjusted gross income, or net income, as such terms are understood for federal Tax purposes. "Indiana Commissioner" - Commissioner of the Indiana Department. "Indiana Department" - the Indiana Department of Insurance. 4  "Independent Firm" - is defined in Section 14.1(a). "Intellectual Property" - all software, trade secrets, patents, trademarks, copyrights, and any applications therefor in or to which Company has any right or claim. "IRS" - the Internal Revenue Service or a successor agency performing similar functions. "Knowledge" - an individual will be deemed to have "Knowledge" of a particular fact or matter if the individual is actually aware of the fact or matter, or a reasonable individual in a similar capacity would have knowledge of the fact or matter. A Person other than an individual shall be deemed to have "Knowledge" of a particular fact or matter if any individual serving as an officer or director (or in any similar capacity) of such Person has Knowledge of the fact or matter, or a reasonable Person in a similar capacity would have knowledge of the fact or matter. "Leases" - collectively, leases for Personal Property to which Company is a party. "Legal Requirement" - any United States federal, state or local law, ordinance, principle of common law, regulation or statute as in effect on the date hereof. "Liabilities" - Any debts, obligations, duties or liabilities of any nature which would be required to be disclosed on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with SAP or GAAP. "Material Adverse Effect" or "Material Adverse Change" - any change or effect with respect to Company, other than losses and claims from insurance policies, which is materially adverse to its licenses, permits, certificates of authority or, taken as a whole, to its Business, operations, assets, or financial condition. "New York Superintendent" - the Superintendent of the New York Department. "New York Department" - the New York State Insurance Department. "Occupational Safety and Health Law" - any Legal Requirement or governmental program designed to provide safe and healthful working conditions, and to reduce occupational safety and health hazards. "Order" - any award, decision, injunction, judgment, order, ruling, subpoena, or verdict entered, issued, made, or rendered by any court, administrative agency, or other Governmental Body. "Owned Tangible Personal Property" - is defined in Section 5.6(b). 5  "Person" - any individual, corporation, general or limited partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, estate, trust, association, organization, or other entity or Governmental Body. "Personal Property" - is defined in Section 5.6(c). "Plans" - any plan defined in Section 5.8(b). "Proceeding" - any action, claim, dispute, demand, arbitration, audit, hearing, investigation, litigation, or suit (whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or informal) commenced, brought, conducted, or heard by or before, or otherwise involving, any Governmental Body. "Purchase Price" - the consideration for the Purchased Shares payable by Purchaser pursuant to Section 2.2. "Purchased Shares" - collectively, 265,000 issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock. "Related Person" - (1) with respect to a Person that is an individual shall mean: (i) each other member of the individual's immediate family; (ii) any Person that is directly or indirectly controlled by any one or more members of the individual's immediate family; or (iii) any Person with respect to which one or more members of the individual's immediate family serves as a director, officer, partner, or trustee (or in a similar capacity); or (2) with respect to a specified Person other than an individual shall mean: (i) any Person that directly or indirectly controls, is directly or indirectly controlled by, or is directly or indirectly under common control with the specified Person; and (ii) each Person that serves as a director, officer, partner, or trustee of the specified Person (or in a similar capacity). As used in this definition, "control," or any derivation thereof, shall mean possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through the ownership of securities or of partnership or other ownership interests, by contract or otherwise), provided, that, in any event, any Person that owns or holds, directly or indirectly, ten percent (10%) or more of the voting securities or ten percent (10%) or more of the partnership or other equity interests of any other Person (other than as a limited partner of such Person) will be deemed to control that corporation or other Person. "Related Transactions" - the transactions required under Article 3. "Representative" - with respect to a particular Person shall include any director, officer, employee, agent, consultant, advisor, or other representative of such Person, including legal counsel, accountants and financial advisors. "SAP" - statutory accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the Insurance Department of the State of New York, as described in Note 1 to the Audited Financial Statements. 6  "Schedules" - means all of the Disclosure Schedules delivered by Seller to Purchaser, and Schedule 6.2(c) to be delivered to Seller -------------- by Purchaser, contemporaneously with the execution of this Agreement. "Section 338(h)(10) Election" - is defined in Section 14.7 "Section 338 Forms" - is defined in Section 14.7(a). "Share Purchase Price" - is defined in Section 14.6. "Tax" - any tax of any kind, levy, assessment, tariff, duty, impost, charge or fee, including, without limitation, income, gross receipts, franchise, ad valorem, value added, excise, real or personal property, asset, sales, use, license, payroll, transaction, capital, net worth, withholding, estimated, social security, utility, workers' compensation, severance, production, unemployment compensation, occupation, premium, windfall profits, transfer and gains taxes or other taxes or similar governmental charge or assessment of any kind imposed, assessed or collected by or under the authority of any Governmental Body, together with any interest, additions, or penalties with respect thereto and any interest in respect of such additions or penalties. "Tax Audit" - is defined in Section 14.4. "Tax Benefit" - with respect to Damages, the amount of actual Tax savings realized by the party entitled to receive indemnification for such Damages in the taxable year in which such Damages are incurred. "Tax Return" - any return, report, statement, declaration, estimate, form or other document (including any related or supporting information) filed with or submitted to, or required to be filed with or submitted to, any Governmental Body in connection with the determination, assessment, collection, reporting, or payment of any Tax. "Tax Sharing Arrangement" - any written or unwritten agreement or arrangement to which the Company is a party for the allocation or payment of Tax Liabilities or payment for any increase or decrease of Tax Liabilities or payment with respect to a combined, consolidated or unitary Tax Return that includes Company. "Threatened" - a Proceeding, claim, dispute or other matter will be deemed to have been "Threatened" if any demand or statement has been made in writing or any notice has been given in writing. "Transfer Taxes" - all sales, transfer, recording, ad valorem, privilege, documentary, registration, conveyance, excise, license, gains, stamps, duties or similar Taxes. "Transferred Books and Records" - is defined in Section 15.7. 7  "Transition Services Agreement" - an Agreement between Seller and Company in the form of Exhibit D to be entered into at Closing. --------- "Updated Schedules" - is defined in Section 7.3. 1.2 General Provisions. ------------------ (a) Unless expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, or unless the context requires otherwise: (i) all accounting terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings or interpretation given to them in accordance with SAP or GAAP, as the context may require; (ii) the singular shall mean the plural, the plural shall mean the singular, and the use of any gender shall include all genders; and all references to any particular party defined herein shall be deemed to refer to each and every Person defined herein as such party individually, and to all of them, collectively, jointly and severally, as though each were named wherever the applicable defined term is used; (iii) all references to "Sections" shall be deemed to refer to the provisions of this Agreement, all references to "Exhibits" shall be deemed to refer to Exhibits to this Agreement; (iv) all references to time herein shall mean Eastern Standard Time or Eastern Daylight Time, as then in effect in Syracuse, New York; and (vi) all references to sections, subsections, paragraphs or other provisions of any Legal Requirement that consists of a law, ordinance, regulation, statute or treaty, shall be deemed to include successor, amended, renumbered and replacement provisions thereof. ARTICLE 2 --------- PURCHASE AND SALE OF SHARES --------------------------- 2.1 Purchase and Sale of Shares. On the terms and conditions --------------------------- set forth in this Agreement, at the Closing Purchaser will purchase from the Seller, and the Seller will sell, assign, transfer and deliver to Purchaser (free and clear of all Encumbrances), all of the Purchased Shares. 2.2 Purchase Price. Subject to possible adjustment as provided --------------- in Section 2.5, the consideration to be paid by the Purchaser to the Seller for all Purchased Shares shall be an amount equal to Twenty-One Million Dollars ($21,000,000.00), which amount shall include the Five Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollar ($550,000) Escrow Deposit described in Section 2.4. 8  2.3 Payment of Purchase Price. The Purchase Price, less the ------------------------- Escrow Deposit, shall be paid by Purchaser at the Closing by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account to be designated at least two days before the Closing Date by Seller. 2.4 Escrow Deposit. Subject to possible adjustment as provided -------------- in Section 2.5, at or prior to Closing Purchaser shall deliver to the Escrow Agent Five Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($550,000) (the "Escrow Deposit") to be held in escrow and disbursed as provided in the Escrow Agreement. 2.5 Eligible Claims Adjustment. The Purchase Price and the ---------------------------- amount of the Escrow Deposit shall be reduced by the amount, if any, of Eligible Claims paid by Company prior to the Closing, provided that the total amount of any such reduction shall not exceed $550,000. Eligible Claims paid after Closing shall be paid from the Escrow Deposit without further adjustment. ARTICLE 3 --------- RELATED TRANSACTIONS -------------------- 3.1 Transfers By Seller. Certain assets used by --------------------- Company in its business are owned by Seller or Related Persons of Seller (other than Company). At or prior to the Closing, Seller will cause the following assets to be transferred and conveyed to the Company: (a) Fixed Assets. The fixed assets listed on ------------- Schedule 3.1(a) of the Disclosure Schedules. (b) Trademarks. The registered service marks listed ---------- on Schedule 3.1(b) to the Disclosure Schedules. (c) Information Technology. The computer hardware ---------------------- and software listed on Schedule 3.1(c) of the Disclosure Schedules. - ------ Hereafter, the assets described in Sections 3.1(a), (b) and (c) are referred to collectively as the "Agway, Inc. Assets." 3.2 Transfer and Payment . Seller shall transfer, or cause -------------------- to be transferred, good and marketable title to the Agway, Inc. Assets, to Company, free and clear of all Encumbrances, but subject to the software licenses listed in Schedule 3.1(c) of the Disclosure Schedules. All Agway, Inc. Assets shall be transferred to the Company "as is" except that Agway shall assign to the Company its rights under any third party warranties relating to the Agway, Inc. Assets. 3.3 Transfers by Company. Prior to the Closing, Company will -------------------- assign and transfer to Seller all rights (including the right to use) in the name "Agway," including all trade names and marks, registered or unregistered, that include the name "Agway," provided, however, that Company shall be entitled to use the name "Agway" in identifying itself as "successor to Agway Insurance Company" or "formerly known as Agway Insurance Company" and similar identifying 9  phrases for a period of one year, under the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Endorsement Agreement. 3.4 Endorsement Agreement. - At the Closing, Seller and ---------------------- Company shall enter into an Endorsement Agreement in the form of Exhibit C. 3.5 Transition Service Agreement. - At Closing, Seller ------------------------------ and Company shall enter into a Transition Service Agreement in the form of Exhibit D. 3.6 Employment Agreement and Non-Competition and ------------------------------------------------------- Confidentiality Agreement. - At the Closing, Purchaser, Company and Company's - -------------------------- current President, Gerald R. Seeber, will enter into an Employment Agreement and a Non-Competition and Confidentiality Agreement on terms to be agreed upon for the continuation of Mr. Seeber's employment by Company following Closing. 3.7 Covenant Not To Compete. At Closing, Seller and Company ----------------------- shall enter into a Covenant Not To Compete in the form of Exhibit A. 3.8 Change of Name. - Effective as of the Closing, Company's -------------- charter shall be amended pursuant to Section 1206 of the New York Insurance Law to change its corporate name to a new name to be selected by Purchaser which will not contain the word "Agway." 3.9 Employees. --------- (a) Effective as of the Closing Date, Seller shall cause the Company to terminate the employment of such Company Employees as Purchaser shall specify in a notice delivered to Seller within 60 days of signing this Agreement (the "Terminated Company Employees"). Subject to Article 13, Purchaser shall indemnify, defend and hold Seller harmless from any claims or Proceedings by the Terminated Company Employees asserting that the termination of their employment pursuant to this Section 3.9(a) constituted a wrongful termination in violation of applicable law, provided, however, that the foregoing covenant shall not extend to claims or Proceedings seeking benefits, rights or remedies (including, without limitation, severance and other fringe benefits) under any of the Plans. Any suit or Proceeding as to which Purchaser is obligated to indemnify Seller pursuant to this Section 3.9(a) shall not constitute a Material Adverse Change for purposes of this Agreement. (b) Seller shall coordinate the termination of each Terminated Company Employee with Purchaser and shall allow Purchaser to participate in such termination process to the extent Purchaser desires to do so. Seller shall be solely responsible for and shall provide all severance benefits and other fringe benefits Company Employees are eligible for under the Plans, including without limitation vacation pay earned or accrued but not used by all Company Employees on or prior to the Closing Date. In addition, Seller shall be solely responsible for and shall provide all accrued benefits and/or contributions under the Plans. 10  (c) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.9 of the Disclosure Schedules, effective as of the Closing Date, Seller shall, and to the extent necessary or appropriate shall cause the Company to, terminate the active participation of all Company Employees in the Plans such that Company Employees shall not accrue additional benefits under the Plans after the Closing Date. (d) Effective as of the Closing Date, Seller shall and, to the extent necessary or appropriate shall cause the Company to, terminate the Company's participation in all Plans. ARTICLE 4 --------- CLOSING ------- 4.1 Closing. Unless otherwise agreed, the Closing will take ------- place at the offices of Bond, Schoeneck & King, LLP in Syracuse, New York at 10:00 a.m. on the date that is ten (10) business days following the satisfaction (or waiver) of all conditions to Closing. 4.2 Closing Deliveries. At the Closing: ------------------ (a) The Seller will deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Purchaser: (i) the original stock certificates representing all of the Purchased Shares accompanied by duly executed stock transfer powers endorsed in blank; (ii) the minute book, stock records, and corporate seal of Company; (iii) certified copies of resolutions duly adopted by the board of directors of Seller approving the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions; (iv) certificates contemplated by Section 10.1, 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4; (v) a certificate of compliance issued by the New York Department and the insurance regulatory authority for each other jurisdiction in which Company is conducting Business; (vi) copies of the certificate of authority of Company for each state or other jurisdiction in which Company is conducting Business; (vii) the Covenant Not To Compete executed by Seller; (viii) the Escrow Agreement executed by Seller; (ix) the Endorsement Agreement executed by Seller; 11  (x) the Transition Services Agreement executed by Seller; (xi) a closing certificate executed by the Seller in substantially the form attached as Exhibit E-1; ----------- (xii) resignations, effective as of the Closing Date, of all of the directors and officers of Company with the exception of Gerald R. Seeber and any Vice President(s), designated by Purchaser, who will continue employment with Company after the Closing Date; (xiii) documents reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser evidencing the transfer and conveyance of the Agway, Inc. Assets to the Company by Seller; (xiv) an opinion letter of Bond, Schoeneck & King, LLP, counsel to the Seller and Company, in the form attached as Exhibit F; --------- (xv) all other certificates, instruments and documents to be delivered by the Seller and/or Company pursuant to this Agreement. (b) Purchaser will deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Seller: (i) the Purchase Price payable in the manner described in Section 2.3; (ii) certified copies of resolutions duly adopted or consented to by the board of directors of Purchaser approving the execution and delivery by Purchaser of this Agreement and the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions; (iii) certificates contemplated by Sections 11.1, 11.2., 11.3 and 11.4; (iv) the Covenant Not To Compete executed by Company; (v) the Escrow Agreement executed by Purchaser; (vi) the Endorsement Agreement executed by Company; (vii) the Transition Services Agreement executed by Company; and (viii) a closing certificate executed by Purchaser in substantially the form attached as Exhibit E-2; ----------- (ix) opinion letters of counsel to Purchaser, Sommer & Barnard, P.C. and Hinman Straub P.C., in substantially the form attached as Exhibit G-1 and Exhibit G-2; and ----------- ----------- 12  (x) all other certificates, instruments and documents to be delivered by Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement. ARTICLE 5 --------- REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER ---------------------------------------- Seller represents and warrants to Purchaser as follows: 5.1 Organization; Good Standing, Licenses. ------------------------------------- (a) Seller is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, and with all requisite power to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. (b) Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the State of New York, with full corporate power and authority to (i) conduct its Business as it is now being conducted, (ii) own its properties and assets, and (iii) perform its obligations under all material Contracts to which it is a party. Company is duly qualified to do Business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing under the laws of each state or other jurisdiction and where the nature of its business or the property owned or leased by it makes qualification necessary, which states and jurisdictions are set forth on Schedule 5.1(b) of the Disclosure Schedules. (c) Company is duly licensed to sell property and casualty insurance in the states and jurisdictions listed on the attached Schedule 5.1(c) of the Disclosure Schedules, which Schedule also lists the product lines Company is licensed to sell in the listed states and jurisdictions. (d) Company keeps and maintains books, accounts and records that accurately account in all material respects for and reflect the assets, properties, liabilities, obligations, affairs and results of the conduct and operation of its Business. The minute books of Company contain an accurate and complete record in all material respects of all meetings and consents of its shareholder(s) and board of directors, and of the issuance of the issued and outstanding Company Common Stock. Those books and records, and all records, deeds, agreements and other documents relating to the affairs of Company are in the control of Company and in the possession of the Company or Iron Mountain Records Management, Syracuse, New York. (e) Company has no subsidiaries and has no ownership interest in any joint venture, partnership, limited liability company or similar business organization. 5.2 Capitalization. -------------- (a) Company's authorized capitalization consists of two hundred sixty-five thousand (265,000) shares of $20 par, common stock, all of which are issued and outstanding. 13  (b) Seller is the beneficial and record owner of the Purchased Shares, which are free and clear of all Encumbrances. (c) Subject to the receipt of any required Consents set forth on Schedule 5.3(c) and Schedule 6.2(c) of the Disclosure Schedules, ---------------- Seller has complete and unrestricted power to sell, assign, and deliver good and marketable title to the Purchased Shares to Purchaser. (d) The Purchased Shares are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable and constitute all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Company. There are no outstanding options, warrants or other rights or agreements, including conversion or preemption rights or rights of first refusal, for the issuance of additional shares of stock by Company. 5.3 Authority; No Conflict. ---------------------- (a) This Agreement has been duly approved by the Board of Directors of Seller. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of Seller, and is enforceable against Seller in accordance with its terms. (b) The consummation of the Contemplated Transactions will not, directly or indirectly: (i) conflict with, or result in a violation of, any provision of the certificate of incorporation, by laws or other organizational documents of Seller or Company; (ii) subject to the receipt of the Consents set forth on Schedule 5.3(c) and Schedule 6.2(c) of the Disclosure Schedules, contravene, conflict with, or result in a material violation of any existing license or other Governmental Authorization held by Seller or Company, or give any Governmental Body or other Person the right to challenge the Contemplated Transactions or to exercise any remedy or obtain any relief under any Legal Requirement or any Order to which Seller or Company are subject, or give any Governmental Body the right to revoke, withdraw, suspend or terminate any Governmental Authorization held by Seller or Company. (iii) subject to the receipt of the Consents set forth on Schedule 5.3(c) and Schedule 6.2(c) of the Disclosure Schedules, contravene, conflict with, or result in a violation or breach of any provision of, or give any Person the right to declare a default or exercise any remedy under, or to accelerate the maturity or performance of, or to cancel or terminate, any material Contract to which Company is a party; or (iv) result in the imposition or creation of any Encumbrance upon or with respect to any of the property or assets of Company or the Purchased Shares. (c) Except as set forth in Schedule 5.3(c) of the Disclosure Schedules, to the Knowledge of Seller, neither Seller nor Company is, or will be, required to give any notice to or obtain any 14 Consent from any Person or Governmental Body in connection with the Contemplated Transactions. 5.4 Financial Statements. -------------------- (a) The audited Financial Statements (i) present fairly, in all material respects, the admitted assets, liabilities and surplus of Company as of their respective dates, of and for the years referred to in the Financial Statements, in accordance with SAP, and the related statutory statements of income, changes in surplus and cash flows, and (ii) reflect the consistent application of SAP throughout the periods involved, except as disclosed in the audited Financial Statements. The unaudited monthly and quarterly Financial Statements (i) present fairly, in all material respects, the admitted assets, liabilities, and surplus of Company and the related statutory statements of income (monthly statements) and, in the case of quarterly statements, changes in surplus and cash flows, as of their respective dates, subject to normal recurring year-end adjustments the effect of which will not, individually or in the aggregate, be materially adverse, and, in the case of quarterly statements, (ii) reflect the consistent application of SAP throughout the periods involved. 5.5 No Material Adverse Change. Except as disclosed in ---------------------------- Schedules, since the Balance Sheet Date there has not been any Material Adverse Change. 5.6 Title To Assets; Encumbrances. ----------------------------- (a) The Company does not own or lease any real property and as of the Closing, will not lease any Personal Property. (b) The Company has good and marketable title to all machines, furniture, equipment and other tangible personal property used exclusively by Company in its Business and located on the third floor of Seller's headquarters building, 333 Butternut Drive, Dewitt, New York 13214 as of Closing. Hereafter, these assets are referred to as "Owned Tangible Personal Property." All of the Owned Tangible Personal Property are owned by Company free and clear of all Liabilities or Encumbrances. (c) Except as disclosed in Schedule 5.6 of the ------------ Disclosure Schedules, Company has good and marketable title to, or right to use by valid enforceable Lease or Contract, all other properties and assets (whether real, personal, tangible, intangible or otherwise) Company purports to own or which Company has exclusive use of in its Business. All of such properties or assets and such Owned Tangible Personal Property are referred to collectively as "Personal Property." (d) Seller and its Related Persons have good and marketable title to the Agway, Inc. Assets to be transferred to Purchaser pursuant to Article 3 of this Agreement (subject to the software licenses listed on Schedule 3.1(c)) (of the Disclosure Schedules), free and clear of all Liabilities or Encumbrances except as listed in Schedule 3.1(c) of the Disclosure Schedules, which Liabilities or Encumbrances shall be satisfied or released prior to the Closing. 15  (e) With respect to each Lease of the Personal Property (i) Company has a valid leasehold interest in such Personal Property, (ii) such Lease is in full force and effect in accordance with its terms, (iii) all rents and other monetary amounts that have become due and payable thereunder have been paid in full, (iv) no waiver, indulgence, extension or postponement of any obligations thereunder has been granted by any party thereto, (v) there exists no default or breach (or an event that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default or breach) under such Lease, and (vi) the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not constitute a default or breach, or cause the termination or any modification, of such Lease. 5.7 Taxes. ----- (a) Except as set forth in Schedule 5.7(a) of the ---------------- Disclosure Schedules, all material Tax Returns that were required to be filed by or on behalf of Company have been prepared and filed in accordance with applicable Legal Requirements (taking into account any valid extensions of time for filing). All such Tax Returns were true and correct in all material aspects and there is no unresolved audit, claim, adjustment, or deficiency proposed or assessed concerning any Tax Liability relating to Company. All Tax Liabilities that have become due pursuant to any such Tax Returns and any tax assessment relating to Company have been paid, or provision has been made for the payment thereof, except those Tax Liabilities, if any, listed in such Schedule 5.7(a) of the Disclosure Schedules that are being contested in good faith and for which adequate reserves (determined in accordance with SAP) have been provided in the Financial Statements. Any positions taken on such Tax Returns that could give rise to a substantial understatement of federal income Tax to Seller or Company within the meaning of Section 6662(d) of the Code either were based on "substantial authority" or were "adequately disclosed" and had a "reasonable basis," in each case within the meaning of Section 6662(d)(2)(B) of the Code. No claim has ever been made by any jurisdiction where no Tax Return has been filed by or on behalf of Company that Company is or may be subject to Tax by such jurisdiction. (b) There are no agreements, waivers or other arrangements providing for the extension of time with respect to the filing of any Tax Return, the payment of any Tax Liability, or the assessment of any Tax Liability with respect to Company. Except as set forth in Schedule 5.7(b) of the Disclosure Schedules, there are no Tax Sharing Arrangements. Company has not made, is not obligated to make, and is not a party to any agreement or arrangement under which it might become obligated to make any "excess parachute payments" within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code. No consent has been given to the application of Section 341(f) of the Code (or any predecessor provision) to Company. No closing agreement pursuant to Section 7121 of the Code (or any predecessor provision) or any similar provision of state or local law has been entered into by or with respect to Company. No adjustment pursuant to Section 481 of the Code (or any predecessor provision) or any similar provision of state or local law has been agreed to by or on behalf of Company, nor is any such adjustment required to be made, by reason of any change in any accounting method by Company, nor has any application for any such change been made to any Tax Governmental Body. Neither the IRS nor any other Tax Governmental Body has proposed any such change or adjustment of accounting method. All ceding commissions and expenses, if any, paid or accrued by Company in connection with any reinsurance arrangement or contract or transaction have been capitalized and amortized over the life or lives of such reinsurance arrangement or contract in 16  accordance with applicable Tax law. Company has never been either a "distributing corporation" or a "controlled corporation" in a transaction described in Section 355 of the Code. Except for the affiliated group of corporations of which Seller is the parent and Company is a member. Company has never been a member of any affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group or participated in any other arrangement whereby any income, revenues, receipts, gain or loss of Company was determined or taken into account for Tax purposes with reference to or in conjunction with any other Person, nor does Company have any Liability for Taxes for any other Person, except for the affiliated group of corporations of which Seller is the parent and Company is a member, under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6(a) (or any similar provision of any other provision of state, local, or foreign law). Company is not and has never been a United States real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code. 5.8 Employee Benefits. ----------------- (a) Except as set forth on Schedule 5.8(b) of the ---------------- Disclosure Schedules, neither Company nor any ERISA Affiliate maintains, or has ever maintained or contributed to, or been required to contribute to any Employee Benefit Plan covered by Title IV of ERISA or any Multiemployer Plan (as defined in ERISA Section 3(37)(A)). (b) Company Employees participate in various plans sponsored by Seller, including those listed on Schedule 5.8(b) of the Disclosure Schedules, which is a true and complete list of each Employee Benefit Plan and each pension, retirement, profit sharing, deferred compensation, or other similar plan, arrangement or agreement; each medical, dental or other health insurance plan; each life or disability insurance plan; each severance plan; and each sick-time, paid-time-off, vacation pay and other personnel policy or payroll practice, which provides benefits to Company Employees ("Current Plans"). Seller may also have sponsored Employee Benefit Plans, pension, retirement, profit sharing, deferred compensation and other similar plans; medical, dental or other health insurance plans; life or disability insurance plans; severance plans; and sick-time, paid-time-off, vacation pay and other personnel policy or payroll practices for former Company Employees, such plans and the Current Plans hereinafter referred to collectively as "Plans". (c) All Plans have been administered and are in compliance with their individual terms and with applicable law, so that neither Company nor Purchaser shall be subject to any Damages or Liability attributable to any period prior to the Closing Date that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (d) Seller has made, or will make on or after the Closing Date, all Plan contributions required and attributable to service performed by participants in the Plans on or before the Closing Date. (e) Seller shall be responsible for the payment of claims by Company Employees for welfare and severance benefits under the Plans to the extent the claims arise from losses that occur, or from covered expenses that are incurred, on or before the Closing Date. 5.9 Legal and Regulatory Compliance. To the Knowledge of ------------------------------- Seller, Company operates the Business in substantial compliance with all applicable federal and state statutes and all Legal Requirements and 17  Governmental Authorizations. Within the past five years from the date of this Agreement, neither Seller nor Company has received any written notice of noncompliance by the Company with any applicable Legal Requirements or Governmental Authorizations where failure to be in compliance could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.10 Legal Proceedings and Contingent Liabilities; Orders. ---------------------------------------------------- (a) Except as set forth in Schedule 5.10 of the ------------- Disclosure Schedules, and for (i) claim files or Proceedings relating to claims for policy benefits under insurance policies issued by Company and (ii) for Eligible Claims as defined in the Escrow Agreement: (1) there is no pending Proceeding that has been commenced by or against Company; (2) no Proceeding is pending or, to the Knowledge of Seller Threatened, that challenges, or that would have the effect of preventing or rendering illegal the Contemplated Transactions; (3) to the Knowledge of Seller, no Proceeding of the type described in Section 5.10(a)(1) has been Threatened; and (4) to the Knowledge of Seller, Company has no material contingent liabilities. (b) There is no material Order to which the Company or any of its property or assets, or the Agway, Inc. Assets, is subject. 5.11 Absence of Certain Changes and Events. Since the ----------------------------------------- Balance Sheet Date, Company has conducted its Business in the ordinary course and except as set forth in Schedule 5.11 of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company has not: (a) suffered any damage, destruction or loss, whether or not covered by insurance, which has a Material Adverse Effect; (b) suffered or experienced any Material Adverse Change; (c) issued or agreed to issue any additional securities; (d) declared, set aside or paid any dividend or other distribution in respect of its capital stock, made or agreed to any redemption, purchase or other acquisition of any shares of its capital stock or subdivided, consolidated or oth  erwise recapitalized, its capital stock or authorized any of the foregoing; (e) transferred, sold, conveyed or disposed of any of its assets other than in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices; or 18  (f) encumbered any of its assets or incurred any indebtedness or other liabilities (contingent or absolute), other than unsecured debts and liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices; (g) suffered any change in the status of any certificate of authority; (h) other than in the ordinary course of business, changed any products, policy provisions, licenses, permits, reinsurance, operations, properties, pricing, underwriting, investment or accounting practices or methods of Company; (i) been involved in any Proceeding with respect to the merger, consolidation, supervision, rehabilitation, conservation, liquidation or reorganization of Company; (j) implemented any change in a Plan (as defined in Section 5.8(b)), ; (k) experienced any change in any terms or provisions of any license or other Contract related to Intellectual Property listed on Schedule 5.12 of the Disclosure Schedules in response to Section 5.12(a)(iv), other than in the ordinary course of business, or experienced any change in any terms or provisions of any other Contracts listed on Schedule 5.12 and/or Schedule 5.13(a) of the Disclosure Schedules; or (l) other than in the ordinary course of business, implemented any change in compensation, fees, commissions or other benefits paid or payable by Company to any employees, officers, directors, agents, managing general agents, brokers, or third-party administrators. 5.12 Contracts. (a) Except for Contracts of insurance and --------- reinsurance, Schedule 5.12 of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a complete and accurate list of, and Seller has made available to Purchaser for its review true and complete copies, including all amendments, of: (i) all loan or credit agreements, lines of credit, letters of credit, promissory notes, land or conditional sales contracts, other title retention agreements, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trusts, indentures, bonds, guaranties of the debts or obligations of a third party, or other contracts, agreements or instruments pursuant to which Company is indebted or liable to any person for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of any property, capitalized leases pursuant to which Company leases Personal Property, and pledge agreements to which Company is a party; (ii) each Contract that involves performance of services or delivery of goods or materials by or to Company of an amount or value in excess of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) per year; (iii) each Contract that was not entered into in the ordinary course of business and that involves expenditures or receipts of Company in excess of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) per year; 19  (iv) each licensing agreement or other Contract with respect to any of the Intellectual Property; (v) each employment Contract or consulting agreement between Company and any employee, group of employees, or other Person; (vi) each Contract containing covenants that purport to restrict, in any material respect, Company's business activity or limit, in any material respect, the freedom of Company to engage in any line of business or to compete with any Person; (vii) each Contract for capital expenditures in excess of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) to which Company is a party; (viii) each material Contract entered into by Company for, or regarding, the sale or distribution of insurance products, by any broker, agent or other Representative of Company, and each agent incentive plan, which will be outstanding or otherwise in effect at the Closing Date, together with the name and address of each broker, agent or other Representative of Company that is engaged in the sale or distribution of insurance products sold by Company; and (ix) each Lease. With respect to contracts referenced in Section 5.12(a)(viii), it is agreed that Schedule 5.12 of the Disclosure Schedules may list Company's standard contract forms together with a list of brokers, agents, and other Representatives as of May 7, 2002, rather than a list of each individual Contract. For purposes of Closing, this list shall be updated to the end of the quarter immediately preceding the Closing. (b) To the Knowledge of Seller, but without investigation or review of individual agency contracts, except as set forth in Schedule 5.12 of the Disclosure Schedules, each Contract or Lease identified in Schedule 5.12 of the Disclosure Schedules is in full force and effect and is valid and enforceable in accordance with its terms. 5.13 Insurance; Reinsurance. ---------------------- (a) Schedule 5.13(a) of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth an accurate and complete list of all insurance policies of any nature whatsoever maintained by Company, or on its behalf, as an insured at any time during the three year prior to the date of this Agreement and the annual or other premiums payable from time to time for each such policy. There are no outstanding requirements or recommendations of any insurance company that issued any such policy or of any Governmental Body that requires or recommends any changes in the conduct of the Business of, or any repairs or other work to be done on or with respect to any of the properties or assets of, Company. (b) Schedule 5.13(b) of the Disclosure Schedules ---------------- contains an accurate and complete list of all forms of insurance policies, contracts and endorsements currently issued. Company has provided Purchaser 20  with an accurate and complete copy of each such form. Each such form has been filed or approved by all appropriate Governmental Bodies and complies with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. (c) Since January 1, 1997 Company has not been the ceding company in an assumption reinsurance transaction or any other transaction pursuant to which another person or entity assumed, or purported to assume, direct or primary liability for any insurance policies and/or contracts issued or assumed by Company. (d) Except as disclosed in Schedule 5.13(d) of the ----------------- Disclosure Schedules, Company is not a party to any joint venture, partnership or similar arrangement with respect to the sale, distribution or marketing of any insurance products. 5.14 Employees and Agents. -------------------- (a) Schedule 5.14(a) of the Disclosure Schedules is a true, accurate and complete list containing the name and current position, of each person who is a Company Employee on the date of this Agreement. A separate schedule listing the compensation, including incentive plans, for each Company Employee has been provided to Purchaser. (b) All Company Employees are employees-at-will. (c) Schedule 5.14(c) of the Disclosure Schedules ---------------- contains an accurate and complete list of all managing general agents, agents and brokers which, are currently engaged by Company to offer, sell, or solicit the offer or sale of, any insurance policies or contracts, or other insurance products, together with the premium volume realized by Company from each of such managing general agents, agents and brokers during each of the years 1999, 2000 and 2001, and the three months ended March 31, 2002. There have previously been delivered to the Purchaser sample copies of contracts, agreements and other arrangements between Company and such managing general agents, agents or brokers which are currently in effect or under which Company has any remaining obligations or liabilities, including sample commission schedules thereto. No such contract, agreement or arrangement includes any covenant regarding exclusivity for the benefit of any managing general agent, agent or broker. (d) Except as set forth in Schedule 5.14(d) of ----------------- the Disclosure Schedules, since December 31, 1999, no engagement by Company of any managing general agent, agent or broker to offer, sell, or solicit the offer or sale of, any insurance policies or contracts, or other insurance products, has been terminated or cancelled nor is the engagement of any such managing general agent, agent or broker in the process of being terminated pursuant to the applicable agency contract or agreement. Except as disclosed on Schedule 5.14(d) of the Disclosure Schedules, there are no disputes between Company and any managing general agents, agents or brokers. (e) To the Knowledge of Company, each managing general agent, agent and broker of Company (i) is and has been duly and properly licensed by all applicable Governmental Bodies, (ii) has engaged in no conduct which could subject Company to any sanctions by any Governmental Body or to any Liability (other than express liabilities under insurance contracts and 21  policies), and (iii) has engaged in no conduct which could subject such managing general agent, agent or broker to sanctions by any Governmental Body. (f) Except as set forth in Schedule 5.14(f), the ---------------- Company does not provide, is not obligated to provide, and has made no commitment to provide, any compensation, fringe benefits, retirement benefits or other benefits which are not expressly provided for in the contracts, agreements and other arrangements referred to in Section 5.14(c) or 5.8(b). (g) The Company has not contracted with any third party to provide claims management services relating to claims arising under insurance contracts issued or assumed by the Company. 5.15 Labor Matters. ------------- (a) The Company is not a party to any labor Contract, and no strike, slowdown, picketing, work stoppage, labor arbitration or Proceeding in respect of the grievance of any Company Employee is pending or Threatened, and no labor organizational activity or other labor dispute against or affecting the Company, is pending or, to the Knowledge of Seller, Threatened; (b) all salaries, wages and other compensation (including bonuses, commissions and overtime), sick leave, severance pay and vacation benefits for all Company Employees for all periods through the date of this Agreement have been paid in the ordinary course of business or the cost thereof has been accrued in the Financial Statements; (c) Company has maintained and continues to maintain, true, accurate and complete payroll, personnel and time records for purposes of compliance with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws and right to work laws, including, without limitation, adequate documentation of the applicability of exemptions under such laws; (d) to the Knowledge of Seller, Company is in substantial compliance with all Legal Requirements relating to (i) employment and Company Employees, (ii) terms and conditions of employment, (iii) wages and hours and (iv) Occupational Safety and Health; and (e) except as set forth in Schedule 5.15(e) of the ---------------- Disclosure Schedules, there are no pending or Threatened, and during the last five years have not been any, formal employment-related Proceedings against Company, including, but not limited to, violations of the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, the Civil Rights Act of 1866 and 1964, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, and any other employment-related Legal Requirements. 22  5.16 Intellectual Property. --------------------- Schedule 5.16 of the Disclosure Schedules sets -------------- forth a complete and accurate list of all Intellectual Property owned by Company, and all Contracts to which Company is a party or by which Company is bound that relate to Intellectual Property or similar proprietary rights of other Persons that are licensed by Company. Except for the Intellectual Property set forth on Schedule 5.16 of the Disclosure Schedules, Company does not use any Intellectual Property in the conduct of the Business. Except as set forth in Schedule 5.16(a) of the Disclosure Schedules, (a) there are no outstanding and, to the Knowledge of Seller, no Threatened disputes or disagreements with respect to any Intellectual Property and (b) Company has not and does not infringe on the intellectual property rights of any Person. 5.17 Relationships With Related Persons. Except as set ------------------------------------- forth in Schedule 5.17 of the Disclosure Schedules: (a) no Related Person of Company has any interest in the assets of Company reflected in the Financial Statements; and (b) no Related Person of Company is a party to any material Contract with, or has any material claim or right against, Company. 5.18 Powers of Attorney and Suretyships. Except as set forth in Schedule 5.18 of the Disclosure Schedules, Company has no general or special powers of attorney outstanding (whether as grantor or grantee thereof) and has no obligation or liability (whether actual, accrued, contingent or otherwise) as guarantor, surety, co-signor, endorser, co-maker, indemnitor or otherwise in respect of the obligation of any person, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, organization or other entity, except as endorser or maker of checks endorsed or made in the ordinary course of business. 5.19 Warranties. Company does not provide any warranties ---------- (written, oral or otherwise) with respect to any services or products that it provides. 5.20 Brokers or Finders. Except for compensation owed to ------------------ Capital Formation Group of Rochester, L.P. which shall be the sole responsibility of Seller, neither the Seller nor Company has incurred any obligation or Liability for brokerage or finders' fees or agents' commissions or other similar payments in connection with this Agreement or the Contemplated Transactions. 5.21 Exclusivity of Representations. The representations -------------------------------- and warranties made by Seller in this Article 5 are in lieu of, and are exclusive of, all other representations and warranties by Seller including, without limitation, any implied warranties. Seller hereby disclaims any representations or warranties, express or implied, not set forth in this Article or in any document to be delivered by Seller at Closing. 23  5.22 Disclosure. No representations or warranty by Seller ---------- to Purchaser contained in this Agreement, and no statement contained in the Disclosure Schedules or any certificate furnished by Seller to Purchaser pursuant to the provisions hereof, contains or will contain any untrue statement of material fact or omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements herein or therein not misleading. ARTICLE 6 --------- REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER ------------------------------------------- Purchaser represents and warrants to Seller as follows: 6.1 Organization and Good Standing. Purchaser is a ------------------------------ corporation duly organized, and validly existing under the laws of the State of Indiana, and with all requisite power to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. 6.2 Authority; No Conflict. ---------------------- (a) This Agreement has been duly approved by the Board of Directors of Purchaser. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with its terms. (b) Neither Purchaser's execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the performance by Purchaser of its obligations under this Agreement will directly or indirectly: (i) conflict with, or result in a violation of, any provision of the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational documents of Purchaser; (ii) subject to the receipt of any required consents, result in a violation of any Legal Requirement or Order to which Purchaser may be subject; or (iii) subject to the receipt of any required consents, result in a violation of any Contract to which Purchaser is a party or by which Purchaser may be bound. (c) Except as set forth in Schedule 6.2(c) of the Disclosure Schedules, Purchaser is not required to give any notice to or obtain any Consent from any Person or Governmental Body in connection with the Contemplated Transactions. 6.3 Certain Proceedings. There is no pending Proceeding -------------------- that has been commenced against Purchaser and that challenges, or may have the effect of preventing, delaying, making illegal, or otherwise interfering with, the Contemplated Transactions. To the Knowledge of Purchaser, no such Proceeding has been Threatened. 6.4 Brokers or Finders. Purchaser has not incurred any ------------------- obligation or Liability for brokerage or finders' fees or agents' commissions or other similar payments in connection with this Agreement and the Contemplated 24  Transactions for which the Seller will directly or indirectly have any Liability. 6.5 Investment Representations. Purchaser is acquiring ---------------------------- the Purchased Shares as an investment, and not with a view to, or for, sale or transfer in connection with any distribution thereof, or for any sale or transfer thereof. 6.6 Financial and Regulatory Matters. Purchaser has the --------------------------------- financial capacity to perform all of its obligations relating to the Contemplated Transactions, and Purchaser has no knowledge of any reason why it will be unable to obtain any required Governmental Authorization. 6.7 Forward-Looking Statements. Purchaser acknowledges that it has made its decision as to the future prospects and profitability of the Company after Closing based on, among other things, the representations and warranties of Seller set forth in this Agreement and Purchaser's own business review and judgment, but not in reliance on any projections, predictions or similar forward-looking statements by the Seller or anyone acting on its behalf. ARTICLE 7 --------- DUE DILIGENCE; UPDATES TO SCHEDULES ----------------------------------- 7.1 Completion; Verification. Prior to entering into this ------------------------- Agreement, Purchaser was provided the opportunity to perform its due diligence investigation concerning Company, including the opportunity to review such books, records and documents of Company, and to interview Company management and personnel of Seller and Company, as Purchaser deemed necessary. Purchaser confirms that it has completed its due diligence. Hereafter, Purchaser's further due diligence shall be limited to verifying and confirming the continued accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Seller, and the compliance of Seller with its covenants, as set forth in this Agreement. Purchaser shall coordinate any further due diligence through Gerald R. Seeber. During any examination by Purchaser pursuant to the provisions of this Section 7.1, Purchaser shall not disrupt or adversely affect any aspect of the operations of Company or the morale of Company's employees. 7.2 Notice of Breach. Purchaser acknowledges that one of the ---------------- purposes of due diligence is to permit Purchaser to conduct examinations of the Business, property and assets of the Company so as to enable Purchaser to independently verify whether the representations and warranties made by the Seller pursuant to Article 5 are accurate and correct in all material respects. Accordingly, if during the course of Purchaser's due diligence an officer, manager, accountant or attorney acting for or on behalf of Purchaser, discovers a fact or circumstance which causes or would cause a reasonable person to believe that a Breach of any of the representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Article 5 exists or will result, Purchaser shall provide written notice thereof to Seller (i) describing, in detail, the extent and nature of the Breach and (ii) stating, if such is the case, its intention to terminate this Agreement in the event that Seller is unable to remedy Breach within a commercially 25  reasonable time. The failure to give this notice by Purchaser shall be deemed a waiver by Purchaser of the Breach. If, following any such notice, Seller fails to remedy the Breach, or to otherwise hold Purchaser harmless from the consequences of the Breach, within a commercially reasonable time, Purchaser shall have the option to either waive the Breach and close without further claim against Seller, or to terminate this Agreement in accordance with Article 12. 7.3 Updates to Schedules. Promptly following the receipt of --------------------- all Consents, Seller shall update any and all of the Disclosure Schedules provided pursuant to Articles 3 or 5 hereof to reflect each and every change to each Schedule occurring or arising after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date that would make any Schedule incomplete or inaccurate or which, if in existence or having occurred as of or prior to the date of this Agreement, would have been required to be set forth or described in any Disclosure Schedule to this Agreement (collectively, the "Updated Schedules"). If any Updated Schedule discloses a fact or circumstance relating to the Company that constitutes a Materially Adverse Change that is unacceptable to Purchaser, Purchaser shall notify Seller of its intention to terminate this Agreement by reason of the Materially Adverse Change unless an appropriate adjustment is made as hereafter provided. In that event, Seller and Purchaser shall negotiate in good faith regarding an appropriate adjustment of the Purchase Price or other modification of this Agreement in light of the Materially Adverse Change. If Seller and Purchaser are unable to agree on such modification or adjustment within thirty (30) days following Purchaser's notice, Purchaser may either elect to Close notwithstanding the Materially Adverse Change or Purchaser may terminate this Agreement by written notice to Seller. ARTICLE 8 --------- COVENANTS OF SELLER ------------------- 8.1 Operation of the Business of Company. ------------------------------------ (a) Between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, unless otherwise agreed in writing by Purchaser, Seller will cause Company to: (i) except as otherwise allowed or required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, conduct business only in the ordinary course and consistent with past practices; (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact the current business organization of Company, keep available the services of the current officers, employees, and agents of Company, and maintain the relations and good will with all material customers, employees, agents, and others having material business relationships with Company; it being recognized, however, that the announcement of the proposed sale of Company may in and of itself have some adverse affects on Company's personnel and business organization; (iii) maintain liability, property and casualty insurance coverage comparable to coverage provided for other subsidiaries of Seller; (iv) continue to prepare Financial Statements in accordance with SAP and in the ordinary course, and to furnish Purchaser with copies of these Financial Statements promptly after they are completed; 26  (v) continue to file all required Tax Returns when due (including any extensions for filing) and to pay all Taxes when due except to the extent that such Taxes are being contested in good faith; (vi) refrain from incurring any long-term indebtedness for borrowed money; (vii) consummate the Related Transactions with Seller under Article 3 of this Agreement; (viii) except as otherwise provided in Section 3.3, refrain from selling or transferring any properties or assets unless (A) properties or assets are disposed of in the ordinary course of business, or (B) properties or assets are replaced by properties or assets substantially similar in value; and (ix) use commercially reasonable efforts not to do, or allow to be done, anything which would cause a breach of a representation, warranty or covenant by Seller. (b) From the date of this Agreement through the Closing Date, Seller shall not cause or permit Company to pay any dividends or redeem any Company Common Stock. 8.2 No Negotiation. Until such time, if any, as this --------------- Agreement is terminated pursuant to Article 11, Seller will not, nor will it cause or permit Company or any of their respective Representatives to, directly or indirectly negotiate with any Person other than Purchaser concerning any transaction involving the sale of Company or all or substantially all of the property or assets of Company, or of any Company common stock, or any merger, consolidation, business combination, or similar transaction involving Company. 8.3 Consents. -------- (a) As promptly as practicable after the date of this Agreement, Seller will cause Company and any of Seller's Related Parties to make all filings which are required to be made by Company in accordance with Legal Requirements in order to consummate the Contemplated Transactions. Any filing fees incurred in connection with any filings required under Legal Requirements shall be shared equally by Seller and Purchaser. (b) If any material Contract to which Company is a party requires the Consent of any Person that is a party thereto to the Contemplated Transactions, the Seller will cause Company to use its commercially reasonable best efforts, with Purchaser's cooperation, to obtain the written Consent prior to Closing. 8.4 Cooperation. Between the date of this Agreement and the ----------- Closing Date, Seller will, and will cause Company and each other Related Party of Seller to, cooperate with Purchaser and its Related Parties with respect to 27  all filings that any of them are required by Legal Requirements to make in connection with the Contemplated Transactions. ARTICLE 9 --------- COVENANTS OF PURCHASER ---------------------- 9.1 Consents. -------- (a) As promptly as practicable after the date of this Agreement, Purchaser will, and will cause each of its Related Persons to, make all filings required by Legal Requirements to be made by them to consummate the Contemplated Transactions including all filings to obtain required Governmental Authorizations. Any filing fees incurred in connection with any filings required under Legal Requirements shall be shared equally by Seller and Purchaser. (b) If any material Contract to which Purchaser is a party requires the Consent of any Person that is a party thereto to the Contemplated Transactions, the Purchaser will use its commercially reasonable best efforts to obtain the written Consent prior to Closing. 9.2 Cooperation. Between the date of this Agreement and the ----------- Closing Date, Purchaser will, and will cause each Related Person of Purchaser to, (a) cooperate with Company and the Seller with respect to all filings that Seller and/or Company are required by Legal Requirements to make in connection with the Contemplated Transactions, and (b) cooperate with Company in obtaining all of the necessary Consents. ARTICLE 10 ---------- CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO PURCHASER'S OBLIGATION TO CLOSE ------------------------------------------------------- The obligation of Purchaser to pay the Purchase Price and to take the other actions required to be taken by Purchaser at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions (any of which may be waived by Purchaser, in whole or in part): 10.1 Accuracy of Representations. All of the representations ----------------------------- and warranties of the Seller set forth in this Agreement shall have been accurate in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement, and shall be accurate as of the Closing Date as if made on the Closing Date, except to the extent that the representations and warranties are untrue or inaccurate as of the Closing Date because of (a) changes caused by actions or transactions approved in writing by Purchaser, or (b) events or changes occurring between the date of this Agreement and Closing Date that do not, in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Business and assets of the Company, taken as a whole. 10.2 Performance. The following shall be true, and Purchaser ----------- shall receive a certificate of an officer of Seller to the effect that: 28  (a) all of the covenants and obligations that Seller is required to perform or to comply with pursuant to this Agreement at or prior to the Closing shall have been duly performed and complied with in all material respects; (b) Seller shall have delivered, or caused the delivery of, each of the documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 4.2(a); and (c) all Encumbrances on the Agway, Inc. Assets, Personal Property and other assets of Company shall have been released and discharged. 10.3 Consents. Each of the Consents and Governmental -------- Authorizations identified or referred to in Schedules 5.3(c) and 6.2(c) of the Disclosure Schedules, including, without limitation, any Consents required under agreements with Seller's and/or Company's lenders, shall have been obtained and be in full force and effect and Purchaser shall receive a certificate of officer to that effect. 10.4 No Proceedings; No Material Adverse Change. No Proceeding -------------- (a) involving any challenge to, or seeking Damages or other relief in connection with, the Contemplated Transactions, or (b) that would have the effect of preventing, materially delaying, making illegal, or otherwise materially interfering with the Contemplated Transactions, shall be pending or threatened. There shall have been no Material Adverse Change with respect to Company since December 31, 2001 and Purchaser shall receive a certificate of officer to that effect. 10.5 Agreements with Mr. Seeber. Mr. Seeber shall have executed -------------------------- and delivered an Employment Agreement and a Non-Competition and Confidentiality Agreement in form and substance acceptable to Purchaser. ARTICLE 11 ---------- CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO SELLER'S OBLIGATION TO CLOSE ---------------------------------------------------- The obligation of Seller to take the actions required to be taken by the Seller at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions (any of which may be waived by Seller, in whole or in part): 11.1 Accuracy of Representations. All of the representations ------------------------------ and warranties of Purchaser in this Agreement shall have been accurate in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and shall be accurate as of the Closing Date as if made on the Closing Date and Seller shall receive a certificate of officer to that effect. 11.2 Purchaser's Performance. The following shall be true, and ------------------------ Seller shall receive a certificate of officer to the effect that: (a) Purchaser shall have paid the Purchase Price and made the Escrow Deposit as provided in Sections 2.3 and 2.4 and shall have performed 29 and complied in all material respects with all other covenants and obligations that Purchaser is required to perform or to comply with pursuant to this Agreement at or prior to Closing; and (b) Purchaser shall have delivered, or caused the delivery of, each of the documents or other items required to be delivered by Purchaser pursuant to Section 4.2(b) including, without limitation, the delivery of the Purchase Price. 11.3 Consents. Each of the Consents and Governmental -------- Authorizations identified or referred to in Schedule 5.3(c) and 6.2(c) of the Disclosure Schedules must have been obtained and must be in full force and effect and Seller shall receive a certificate of officer to that effect. 11.4 No Proceedings. No Proceeding (a) involving any challenge -------------- to, or seeking Damages or other relief in connection with, the Contemplated Transactions, or (b) that would have the effect of preventing, materially delaying, making illegal, or otherwise materially interfering with the Contemplated Transactions, shall be pending or threatened and Seller shall receive a certificate of officer to that effect. ARTICLE 12 ---------- TERMINATION ----------- 12.1 Termination Events; Opportunity to Cure. --------------------------------------- (a) Subject to Section 12.1(b), this Agreement may be terminated on written notice: (i) by either party, in the event of a Breach by the other party of its obligations under this Agreement which remains uncured after notice; or (ii) by Purchaser, if any of the conditions in Article 10 have not been satisfied in all material respects as of the Closing Date, or if satisfaction of a condition is or becomes impossible (other than through the failure of Purchaser to comply with its obligations under this Agreement) and Purchaser has not waived the condition on or before the Closing Date; or (iii) by Seller, if any of the conditions in Article 11 have not been satisfied in all material respects as of the Closing Date, or if satisfaction of a condition is or becomes impossible (other than through the failure of Seller to comply with its obligations under this Agreement) and Seller has not waived such condition on or before the Closing Date; or (iv) by mutual consent of Purchaser and Seller; or (v) by Seller or Purchaser, if the Closing does not occur by December 31, 2002, provided, however, that the December 31, 2002 termination date will be automatically extended for up to 90 30  days if on December 31, 2002 any of the required Governmental Authorizations have not been obtained, but are being pursued diligently and all other conditions to the Closing are satisfied; or (vi) by either party, if any Governmental Body issues a final, nonappealable order prohibiting the Contemplated Transactions; or (vii) By Purchaser, if an Updated Schedule confirms that a Material Adverse Change has occurred by reason other than a Breach by Seller, and Purchaser and Seller, having followed the procedures set forth in Section 7.3, have failed to reach agreement in an appropriate adjustment or modification as therein provided. (b) The foregoing not withstanding, this Agreement shall not be terminated under Section 12.1(a)(i), (ii) or (iii) if the noncompliance, nonperformance or breach can be cured or eliminated in which event the party wishing to terminate shall not terminate unless and until (i) it has given the other party written notice that noncompliance, nonperformance or a breach has occurred, specifying the nature thereof and the action required to cure and (ii) such noncompliance, nonperformance or breach shall not have been cured or eliminated, or the party giving the notice shall not have otherwise been held harmless from the consequences of the noncompliance, nonperformance or breach, within thirty (30) days of the receipt of such notice. 12.2 Effect of Termination. --------------------- (a) Subject to the limitations of Article 13, in the event of a termination of this Agreement by the Seller pursuant to Section 12.1(a)(i) or (iii), if termination resulted from a breach of a representation, warranty, or covenant by Purchaser, Purchaser shall be liable to Seller for all Damages incurred or suffered by Seller as a result thereof. (b) Subject to the limitations contained in Article 13, in the event of termination of this Agreement by Purchaser pursuant to Section 12.1(a)(i) or (ii), if the termination resulted from a Breach of a representation, warranty or covenant by Seller, Seller shall be liable to Purchaser for all Damages incurred or suffered by Purchaser as a result thereof. (c) Except as otherwise provided in Sections 12.2(a) or (b), in the event of termination of this Agreement as provided for in Section 12.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become null and void and there shall be no liability or obligation on the part of any party hereto, or their respective officers or directors except to the extent provided in Section 12.2(a) and (b). Further, Purchaser shall return to Seller all copies of all information and documents furnished to Purchaser by Seller or Company and shall destroy all memoranda, notes, extracts and reproductions relating thereto. 31  ARTICLE 13 ---------- INDEMNIFICATION; REMEDIES ------------------------- 13.1 Survival. All (i) covenants and obligations of the parties -------- under this Agreement and (ii) all representations and warranties of Purchaser under Sections 6.1, 6.2 and 6.3, and of Seller under Sections 5.1(a), (b), (c) and (e), 5.2, 5.3 and 5.10(a)(2), of this Agreement shall survive the Closing indefinitely. The representations and warranties of Seller under Section 5.7 and 5.8 shall survive the Closing for a period of time equal to the applicable statute of limitations for each applicable Tax Return or claim under ERISA, as the case may be, including any extension or waiver of such statute of limitations. All other representations and warranties of Seller and Purchaser under this Agreement will survive the Closing for a period of eighteen (18) months. 13.2 Indemnification By Seller. Seller will, subject to the --------------------------- limitations set forth in Sections 13.4 and 13.5, indemnify, defend and hold Purchaser harmless from and against any Damages arising directly or indirectly from any of the following, regardless of whether the claim arises under contract, breach of warranty, tort or other legal theory: (i) any Breach of any representation or warranty made by Seller in this Agreement, the Schedules, or any supplements to the Schedules; (ii) any Breach by Seller of any of its covenants or obligations under this Agreement; or (iii) any claim by any Person for brokerage or finder's fees or commissions or similar payments that remain unpaid after the Closing and which are based upon any agreement or understanding alleged to have been made by any Person with Seller (or any Person acting on its behalf) in connection with the Contemplated Transactions. 13.3 Indemnification By Purchaser. Purchaser will, subject to the limitations set forth in Sections 13.4 and 13.5, indemnify, defend and hold Seller harmless from and against any Damages arising directly or indirectly from any of the following, regardless of whether the claim arises under contract, breach of warranty, tort or other legal theory: (i) any Breach of any representation or warranty made by Purchaser in this Agreement or in any Schedule delivered by Purchaser pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement; (ii) any Breach by Purchaser of any of its covenants or obligations under this Agreement; or (iii) any claim by any Person for brokerage or finder's fees or commissions or similar payments that remain unpaid after the Closing and which are based upon any agreement or understanding alleged to have been made by such Person with Purchaser (or any Person acting on its behalf) in connection with the Contemplated Transactions. 32  13.4 Time Limitations. Neither Seller nor Purchaser shall ----------------- have any Liability under or in connection with, this Agreement pursuant to this Article 13 or otherwise, unless the party seeking indemnification gives written notice of its indemnity claim, specifying the factual basis of that claim in reasonable detail, prior to the expiration of the applicable survival period specified in Section 13.1. 13.5 Limitations on Amount of Liability. Notwithstanding ------------------------------------- anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, no claim for indemnity may be asserted by Purchaser unless and until the aggregate amount of all claims which would be indemnifiable but for the application of this Section 13.5 exceeds Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($200,000) (the "Basket") and then only to the extent of the excess; provided, however, the Basket shall not apply to claims based on a breach of any representation or warranty under Sections 5.1(a), (b), (c) and (e), 5.2, 5.3, 5.7, 5.8, 5.10(a)(2) and/or any Breach of Article 14 or Sections 3.9(b), (c) or (d). The maximum amount of Damages that Seller shall, in the aggregate, be required to pay to Purchaser for any Breach of a representation or warranty by Seller under Sections 5.1(a), (b), (c) and (e), 5.2, 5.3, 5.7, 5.8, 5.10(a)(2) and/or any Breach of Article 14 or Sections 3.9(b), (c) or (d) of this Agreement shall be Twenty- One Million Dollars, but the maximum amount of Damages that Seller shall, in the aggregate, be required to pay to Purchaser pursuant to any other provision of this Agreement shall be Three Million Dollars. The maximum amount of Damages that Purchaser shall, in the aggregate, be required to pay to Seller pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be Three Million Dollars. 13.6 Procedure for Indemnification - Third Party Claims. -------------------------------------------------- (a) Promptly after receipt by a party entitled to indemnification under Sections 13.2 or 13.3 of notice of the commencement of any Proceeding against it, the indemnified party shall, if a claim is to be made against an indemnifying party, give notice to the indemnifying party of the commencement of the claim. (b) If any Proceeding referred to in Section 13.6 (a) is brought against an indemnified party and it gives notice to the indemnifying party of the commencement of the Proceeding, the indemnifying party shall, upon written notice given within thirty (30) days after the indemnified party's notice is given, be entitled to assume the defense of the Proceeding. If the indemnifying party elects to assume the defense of a Proceeding, the indemnified party shall turn the Proceeding over to the indemnifying party who shall, at its own expense, assume the contest and the indemnified party shall have the right (but not the obligation) to participate, at its own expense, in the defense thereof by counsel of its own choice, and shall cooperate with and assist the indemnifying party as reasonably requested by the indemnifying party in connection with the defense or contest, but the indemnifying party shall retain control thereof and have final authority to determine all matters in connection therewith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the indemnifying party shall have the right to control the defense, litigation and settlement of the action only if the indemnifying party has agreed in writing to be responsible for all costs, expenses, judgments and liabilities connected with the claim and provided the indemnified party with a bond, letter of credit or other evidence satisfactory to the indemnified party, in its sole discretion, of the indemnifying party's ability to satisfy these obligations. 33  13.7 Exclusive Remedies. Subject to Section 13.8, the sole ------------------- and exclusive remedy of Seller and Purchaser for any and all claims or Damages relating to or arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be an action for indemnity pursuant to this Section 13 which shall be governed and limited by this Section 13.7, whether any such claim is made in contract, breach of warranty, tort or otherwise, provided, however, that any provision in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, Purchaser's sole and exclusive remedy for Damages or losses relating to assumed reinsurance obligations of the Company shall be pursuant to the Escrow Agreement. 13.8 Certain Exclusions. Article 13 does not apply to the ------------------- Covenant Not To Compete, the Endorsement Agreement, the Transition Services Agreement, the Employment Agreement and the Non-Competition and Confidentiality Agreement. ARTICLE 14 ---------- TAX MATTERS ----------- 14.1 Tax Returns. ----------- (a) Seller shall prepare or cause to be prepared (at its own cost and expense and in a manner consistent with past practice) all Income Tax Returns required to be filed by or on behalf of Company for taxable years or periods ending on or before the Closing Date. Seller shall, on a timely basis, file such Tax Returns and pay the amounts shown as due thereon to the appropriate Governmental Body. Subject to the foregoing, the income of Company for the taxable year of Seller that includes the Closing shall be determined for the period up to and including the Closing Date by closing the books of Company as of the end of the Closing Date or by any other reasonable method agreed to by Seller and Purchaser, except that (i) exemptions, allowances, or deductions that are calculated on an annual basis (such as deductions for depreciation or amortization) shall be apportioned on a time basis and (ii) such determination shall be consistent with the principles of Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-76. Company will furnish Tax information to Seller for inclusion in Seller's federal consolidated Income Tax Return in accordance with the parties' past custom and practice, and Purchaser will provide (or cause to be provided) to Seller no later than 120 days prior to the due date (with extensions) of Seller's Tax Return for the taxable year including the Closing all information and calculations relating to the proper determination of the income of Company for such period. If, within 60 days of Seller's receipt of such information and calculations, Seller does not object to Purchaser's determination, the determination shall be final and shall be used by Seller, Purchaser, and Company. If Seller objects in writing to such determination within such 60 days, Purchaser and Seller shall negotiate in good faith to resolve any dispute. If Seller and Purchaser shall not have agreed to the proper determination within 10 days after Seller's objection, any disputed aspects of the determination shall be resolved by a mutually agreeable "big four" public accounting firm that does not serve either Seller or Purchaser (the "Independent Firm") as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 days prior to the due date (with extensions) of Seller's Tax Return. The decision of the Independent Firm shall be final, and the costs, expenses, and fees of the Independent Firm shall be borne equally by Seller and Purchaser. Neither Seller nor Purchaser (or their respective affiliates) shall file any Income Tax Return prior to, or 34  inconsistent with, the determination of the proper income of Company for the pre-Closing period pursuant to this Section 14.1(a). (b) Seller additionally shall prepare or cause to be prepared (at its own cost and expense and in a manner consistent with past practice) all Tax Returns of, including or relating to Company required to be filed on or before the Closing Date. Seller shall, on a timely basis, file such Tax Returns (or cause such Tax Returns to be filed) and pay the amounts shown as due thereon (or cause such amounts to be paid) to the appropriate Governmental Body. (c) Purchaser shall prepare or cause to be prepared (at its own cost and expense) all other Tax Returns of Company for all other taxable periods and, subject to Section 14.5(b), pay the amounts shown as due thereon to the appropriate Governmental Body. For any taxable period beginning before and ending on or after the Closing Date, the Taxes of Company for the period ending on the Closing Date shall be determined by closing the books of Company as of the end of the Closing Date or by any other reasonable method agreed to by Seller and Purchaser, except that (i) exemptions, allowances, or deductions that are calculated on an annual basis shall be apportioned on a time basis, (ii) all property Taxes, guaranty fund assessments, or other Taxes (other than Income, premium, franchise, or similar Taxes) as to which the lien or assessment date occurs on or before the Closing Date shall be attributed to the pre-Closing period and shall be the liability of Seller, and (iii) all property Taxes, guaranty fund assessments, or other Taxes (other than Income, premium, franchise, or similar Taxes) as to which the lien or assessment date occurs after the Closing Date shall not be attributed to the pre-Closing period and shall not be the liability of Seller. The determination of such Taxes shall be made by following procedures consistent (to the extent possible) with those in Section 14.1(a). Any dispute between Seller and Purchaser regarding the computation or determination of Taxes under this Section 14.1(c) shall be resolved by the Independent Firm in a manner consistent with Section 14.1(a). (d) Except as required by law, no position shall be taken on any Tax Return (including any amended Tax Return) filed by Seller or Company on or after the date hereof by or on behalf of Company for any period ending on or before the Closing Date that would adversely affect Purchaser or Company after the Closing unless Seller shall indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser from such adverse effect, provided that Seller and Company may take positions consistent with their historic positions and past practices on Tax matters. Except as required by law, no position shall be taken on any Tax Return (including any amended Tax Return) filed by Purchaser or Company after the Closing Date by or on behalf of Company for any period beginning on or before the Closing Date and ending after the Closing Date that would adversely affect Seller unless Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless Seller from such adverse effect, provided that Purchaser and Company may take positions consistent with Seller's and Company's historic positions and past practices on Tax matters. 14.2 Cooperation - Tax Matters. ------------------------- (a) As soon as practicable from and after the Closing Date, but in any event within 30 days after any request, and subject to Section 14.1, Seller or Purchaser shall provide each other with such cooperation and shall deliver such information and data concerning the pre-Closing operations of Company and make available such knowledgeable employees as Seller or Purchaser may reasonably request, including providing the information and 35  data required by Seller's or Purchaser's customary Tax and accounting questionnaires, in order to enable Seller or Purchaser to complete and file all Tax Returns which they may be required to file with respect to the operations and business of Company through the Closing Date or to respond to audits by any taxing authorities with respect to such operations and otherwise to enable Seller or Purchaser to satisfy their internal accounting, Tax, and other legitimate requirements. Such cooperation and information shall include without limitation provisions of powers of attorney for the purpose of signing Tax Returns and defending audits and promptly forwarding copies of appropriate notices and forms of other communications received from or sent to any taxing authority which relate to Company, and providing copies of all relevant documents relating to rulings or other determinations by any taxing authority and records concerning the ownership and Tax basis of property, which Seller, Purchaser or Company, may possess, but shall not require Seller or any of its affiliates to disclose or provide copies of Tax Returns or accompanying schedules and related workpapers (or portions thereof) except to the extent they relate to Company. Seller and Purchaser shall make their respective employees and facilities available on a mutually convenient basis during normal business hours to provide explanation of any documents or information provided hereunder. (b) Subject to Section 14.1, Purchaser and Seller shall cooperate in the preparation of all Tax Returns relating in whole or in part to Tax periods ending on or before or including the Closing Date that are required to be filed after such date. Such cooperation shall include, but not be limited to, furnishing such information within such party's possession requested by the party filing such Tax Returns as is relevant to their preparation. In the case of any state, local or foreign joint, consolidated, combined, unitary or similar Tax Returns, such cooperation shall also relate to any other Tax periods in which one party could reasonably require the assistance of the other party in obtaining any necessary information, but shall not require Seller or its affiliates to disclose or provide copies of Tax Returns or accompanying schedules and related workpapers (or portions thereof) except to the extent they relate to Company. 14.3 Records. For a period of ten (10) years or, if longer, ------- the applicable statute of limitations period (including any extensions or waivers thereof) after the Closing Date, Purchaser shall, and shall cause Company to, retain all Tax Returns, and other books and records (including computer files) of, or with respect to the activities of, Company for all Tax periods or portions thereof ending on or prior to the Closing Date. Thereafter, Purchaser shall not dispose of any such Tax Returns, books, or records except after providing Seller with reasonable notice and, if Seller so requests, the opportunity to take possession of such Tax Returns, books, or records solely at Seller's cost and expense. Furthermore, Purchaser agrees to abide by all record retention agreements entered into with any taxing authority with respect to Company with respect to books and records applicable to periods prior to the Closing Date. 14.4 Audits. Seller shall have the right, at its own ------ expense, to control any audit or examination by any taxing authority ("Tax Audit"), to initiate any claim for refund, and to contest, resolve, and defend against any assessment, notice of deficiency, or other adjustment or proposed adjustment relating to any and all Income Taxes for any Tax period or portion thereof ending on or before the Closing Date. Seller shall have the right, at its own expense, to control any Tax Audits, to initiate any claim for refund, and to contest, resolve, and defend against any assessment, notice of deficiency, or other adjustment or proposed adjustment relating to any and all 36  other Taxes payable with respect to Tax Returns filed or required to be filed (taking into account extensions) prior to the Closing Date with respect to Company. Seller shall have the right, at its own expense, to participate in any other Tax Audit or contest or defense of any assessment, notice of deficiency, or other adjustment or proposed adjustment relating to Company to the extent that Seller would have any obligation to indemnify Company or Purchaser for additional Taxes of Company or Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement. 14.5 Indemnity. If Purchaser fails to provide any --------- information reasonably requested by Seller, or if Seller fails to provide any information reasonably requested by Purchaser, pursuant to Sections 14.2 and 14.3, or if either Purchaser or Seller breaches any covenant in this Article 14, then Purchaser or Seller, as the case may be, shall be obligated, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to indemnify the other party and shall so indemnify the other party and its respective affiliates and hold the other party and its respective affiliates harmless from and against any and all costs, claims or damages, including, without limitation, all Taxes or deficiencies thereof, payable as a result of such failure or breach. Seller shall indemnify and hold Purchaser and Company harmless from: (a) any Tax Liability imposed on Company as a member of the affiliated group of corporations of which Seller is the parent and of which Company is a member arising under Treasury Regulation 1.1502-6(a) (or any similar provision of any other provision of state, local, or foreign law); and (b) any Tax Liability of or with respect to Company for any taxable year or period that ends on or before the Closing Date and, for any taxable year or period beginning on or before the Closing Date and ending after the Closing Date, for the portion of such Tax Liability that is allocable under Section 14.1 to the portion of such year or period ending on the Closing Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 14, Seller shall have no liability to Purchaser or Company for any Taxes to the extent of any reserves or accruals for such Taxes on the Balance Sheet. 14.6 Purchase Price Allocation. Notwithstanding Article 2 --------------------------- hereof, for Tax purposes $300,000 of the Purchase Price will be allocated to the Covenant Not to Compete and the remainder of the Purchase Price will be allocated to the Purchased Shares following the transfers described in Section 3.1 (the "Share Purchase Price"). 14.7 Section 338(h)(10) Election. Seller and Purchaser shall --------------------------- join in making an election under Section 338(h)(10) of the Code (and any corresponding election under state, local or foreign tax law) with respect to the purchase and sale of the stock of Company hereunder (a "Section 338(h)(10) Election"). 37  (a) With respect to Company, Seller, Purchaser, and Company shall execute any documents, statements, and other forms that are required to be submitted to any taxing authority in connection with a Section 338 Election (the "Section 338 Forms") no later than 15 days prior to the date such Section 338 Forms are required to be filed. Seller, Purchaser, and Company shall cause the Section 338 Forms to be duly executed by an authorized person for Seller, Purchaser, or Company, as the case may be, and shall duly and timely file the Section 338 Forms in accordance with applicable Tax laws and the terms of this Agreement. Seller and Purchaser shall report the purchase of the shares of stock of Company consistent with the Section 338 Election and shall take no position contrary thereto unless and to the extent required to do so pursuant to applicable law. (b) Seller and Purchaser agree, as soon as practicable after the Closing Date, but no later than 60 days after the Closing Date, to enter into an agreement (the "Allocation Agreement") to allocate the Share Purchase Price and the liabilities of Company to the assets of Company pursuant to the Section 338 Election for all applicable Tax purposes, including the computation of the Aggregate Deemed Sale Price (as defined under applicable Treasury Regulations under the Code and similar state or local tax provisions) ("ADSP") for the assets of Company. (The amount of the liabilities taken into account for this purpose shall, in the case of any insurance liabilities, be equal to Company's corresponding Tax reserves, and, in the case of any other liabilities, be equal to the amount of Company's liabilities that would properly be taken into account in tax basis under general principles of tax law that would apply upon an acquisition of the assets of Company (other than insurance-in-force) for consideration that included discharge of such liabilities.) The determination and allocation of ADSP (and the treatment of any deemed reinsurance transaction stemming from the Section 338 Election) shall be made in accordance with Section 338(b) of the Code and any applicable Treasury Regulations and, except to the extent required by applicable law, in a manner consistent with Proposed Treasury Regulations Section 1.338-11 and all related Proposed Treasury Regulations. Purchaser initially shall prepare a statement setting forth a proposed computation and allocation of ADSP (the "Computation") and shall submit the Computation to Seller, along with copies of applicable supporting documents used to prepare the Computation, no later than 30 days after the Closing Date. If, within 30 days of Seller's receipt of the Computation, Seller shall not have objected in writing to the Computation, the Computation shall become the Allocation Agreement. If Seller objects in writing to the Computation within such 30 days, Purchaser and Seller shall negotiate in good faith to resolve the Computation, and if so resolved, such Computation shall become the Allocation Agreement. If Purchaser and Seller shall not have agreed to the Computation and adopted an Allocation Agreement within 30 days after Seller's objection, Seller and Purchaser shall appoint the Independent Firm to resolve any disputed aspects of the Allocation Agreement or Computation within 35 days of Seller's objection. The Independent Firm shall resolve any disputed aspects of the Allocation Agreement or Computation as soon as practicable but in no event later than 30 days prior to the earlier of (i) the last date on which the Section 338 Forms must be filed or (ii) the last date on which either Purchaser or Seller (whichever is earlier) must file a Tax Return relating to the transactions contemplated herein. The decision of the Independent Firm shall be final, and the costs, expenses, and fees of the Independent Firm shall be borne equally by Purchaser and Seller. Seller and Purchaser (i) shall be bound by such allocation for purposes of determining any Taxes, (ii) shall prepare and file all Tax Returns to be filed with any taxing authority in a manner consistent with such allocation, and (iii) shall not take a position before any taxing authority or otherwise (including in any Tax Return) inconsistent with the Allocation Agreement unless and to the extent required to do so pursuant to applicable law. In the event any taxing authority disputes the Allocation Agreement, the party receiving notice of such dispute shall promptly notify the other party of such dispute, and Seller and Purchaser shall cooperate in good faith in responding to such challenge in order to preserve the effectiveness of such allocation. 38  14.8 Transfer and Similar Taxes. All Transfer Taxes arising -------------------------- out of, in connection with or attributable to the transactions effected pursuant to this Agreement shall be borne and paid by Purchaser. Purchaser shall prepare and timely file all relevant Tax Returns required to be filed in respect of such Transfer Taxes and timely pay the Transfer Taxes shown on such Tax Returns. For the avoidance of doubt, Seller shall be responsible for and shall pay all Income Taxes relating to the sale of the Purchased Shares. 14.9 Refunds. Any refund of Taxes received by Seller or any ------- amounts credited against Taxes that relate to any taxable period of Company ending after the Closing Date shall be for the account of Purchaser and Seller shall pay over the amount of such refund or credit within 30 days after receipt or entitlement thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to a refund or credit pertaining to a taxable year or period beginning on or before and ending after the Closing, such refund or credit shall be apportioned between Seller and Purchaser based on the Tax allocation provided in Section 14.1. 14.10 Tax Sharing Arrangement. Any Tax Sharing Arrangement ------------------------ shall be terminated effective as of the Closing Date. 14.11 Conflicts. In the event of a conflict between this --------- Article 14 and Article 13 (including any claim for indemnification relating to Taxes that could be made under both this Article 14 and Article 13), this Article 14 shall govern and control. ARTICLE 15 ---------- GENERAL PROVISIONS ------------------ 15.1 Expenses. Except as otherwise expressly provided in -------- this Agreement, each party to this Agreement will bear its respective expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, and performance of this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions, including all fees and expenses of agents, Representatives, counsel, and accountants. 15.2 Public Announcements. Any public announcement or -------------------- similar publicity with respect to this Agreement or the Contemplated Transactions will be issued, at such time and in such manner as Purchaser and Seller shall mutually determine, provided that following execution of this Agreement and consultation with Purchaser, Seller and Company may make appropriate announcements to their employees, agents, and customers, and each party may make announcements and filings required by law or otherwise contemplated by this Agreement. 15.3 Confidentiality. Between the date of this Agreement --------------- and the Closing Date, Purchaser and Seller will maintain in confidence, and will cause their Related Persons and Representatives to maintain in confidence, any confidential or proprietary written, oral, or other information obtained from the other party or its Related Persons or Representatives in connection with this Agreement or the Contemplated Transactions, unless (a) the information is already known to the party or to others not bound by a duty of confidentiality or the information becomes publicly available through no fault of the party, (b) the use of the information is necessary or appropriate in making any filing or obtaining any Consent or approval required for the consummation of the 39  Contemplated Transactions, or (c) the furnishing or use of the information is required by or necessary or appropriate in connection with a Legal Requirement or Proceeding. If the Contemplated Transactions is not consummated, each party will return or destroy as much of the written information as the other party may reasonably request, and the confidentiality provisions set forth in the first sentence of this Section 15.3 shall remain in effect. 15.4 Notices. All notices, consents, waivers, and other ------- communications under this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given (a) when delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt), (b) when deposited in the mails, if sent via certified mail, with return receipt requested, (c) when received by the addressee, if sent by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service (receipt requested), or (d) upon receipt of confirmation of a successful transmission, if sent via facsimile or other similar transmission, in each case to the appropriate addresses set forth below (or to such other addresses as a party may designate by notice to the other party): If to Seller: By mail or facsimile: Agway, Inc. P.O. Box 4933 Syracuse, New York 13221-4933 Attention: Peter J. O'Neill Senior Vice President Facsimile: (315) 449-6568 By delivery service: 333 Butternut Drive DeWitt, New York 13214 with a copy to: By mail or facsimile: Nels G. Magnuson, Esq. Deputy General Counsel Agway, Inc. P.O. Box 4933 Syracuse, New York 13221-4933 Facsimile: (315) 449-6253 By delivery service: 333 Butternut Drive DeWitt, New York 13214 and to: Wallace J. McDonald, Esq. Bond, Schoeneck & King, LLP One Lincoln Center Syracuse, New York 13202 Facsimile:(315) 422-3598 40  If to Purchaser: Lynn B. Jongleux, Esq. Farm Bureau Insurance Companies 225 S. East Street Indianapolis, IN 46202 Facsimile: 317-692-7955 with a copy to: Eric R. Johnson, Esq. Sommer & Barnard, PC 4000 Bank One Tower 111 Monument Circle Indianapolis, IN 46204 Facsimile: (317) 236-9802 15.5 Jurisdiction; Service of Process. Any suit, action or ------------ other Proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based upon any right arising out of, in connection with, or in any way relating to, this Agreement shall be brought only in the Supreme Court sitting in Onondaga County, New York or the United States District Court for the Northern District of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably consents and submits to the jurisdiction and venue of these courts and irrevocably waives any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any suit, action or Proceeding brought in these courts and any claim that the suit, action or Proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 15.6 Further Assurances. Each of the parties hereto will use ------------------ commercially reasonable, good faith efforts (a) to furnish upon request to each other such further information, (b) to execute and deliver to each other such other documents, and (c) to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable Legal Requirements to consummate and make effective the sale of the Purchased Shares and the Related Transactions pursuant to this Agreement, including without limitation using commercially reasonable efforts to ensure satisfaction of the conditions precedent to each party's obligations hereunder. Neither of the parties hereto will, without prior written consent of the other party, take any action which would reasonably be expected to prevent or materially impede, interfere with or delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. From time to time on or after the Closing Date, Seller will, at its own expense, execute and deliver such documents to Purchaser as Purchaser may reasonably request in order to more effectively vest in Purchaser, Seller's title to the Purchased Shares and the Agway, Inc. Assets. 15.7 Books and Records. ----------------- (a) Unless otherwise agreed to by the parties hereto, at the Closing all books and records of the Company shall be located in the Company's offices or, with respect to books and records located in off- site storage facilities, shall, within ninety (90) days following Closing, be transferred at Purchaser's sole expense to an account established in the name of Purchaser and/or the Company, whether at the same location or such other location as may be identified by Purchaser (all such books and records, regardless of location, referred to collectively as the "Transferred Books and Records"). To the extent that any Transferred Books and Records relating to the operation of the businesses of the Company prior to Closing are expected in good faith to be reasonably required by Seller following Closing for purposes of the preparation or examination of Tax Returns, regulatory filings, financial 41  statements, the conduct of any litigation or regulatory dispute resolution or relating to obligations arising under this Agreement, Seller may, at its own expense, make and retain copies of any such Transferred Books and Records. (b) Following the Closing Date, and for a period of 10 years from the Closing Date, Purchaser shall, and shall cause the Company to, (i) allow Seller, upon reasonable prior notice and during regular business hours, through its employees and representatives, the right, at Seller's expense, to examine and make copies of the Transferred Books and Records for any reasonable business purpose, and (ii) maintain the Transferred Books and Records for Seller's examination and copying. Access to the Transferred Books and Records shall be at Seller's expense and may not unreasonably interfere with Purchaser's or the Company's or any successor company's business operations. 15.8 Waiver. The rights and remedies of the parties to this ------ Agreement are cumulative and not alternative. Neither the failure nor any delay by any party in exercising any right, power, or privilege under this Agreement or the documents referred to in this Agreement will operate as a waiver of such right, power, or privilege, and no single or partial exercise of any such right, power, or privilege will preclude any other or further exercise of such right, power, or privilege or the exercise of any other right, power, or privilege. 15.9 Entire Agreement and Modification. This Agreement ------------------------------------ supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings, representations and agreements between the parties with respect to its subject matter, and constitutes a complete and exclusive statement of the terms of the agreement between the parties. This Agreement may not be amended except by a written agreement executed by the party to be charged with the amendment. 15.10 Assignments, Successors, and No Third-Party Rights. ----------------------------------------------------- Neither party may assign any of its rights under this Agreement without the prior consent of the other party except that Purchaser may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any wholly-owned subsidiary of Purchaser so long as Purchaser remains liable for the performance of all obligations of Purchaser under this Agreement. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will apply to, be binding in all respects upon, and inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of the parties. Nothing expressed or referred to in this Agreement will be construed to give any Person other than the parties to this Agreement any legal or equitable right, remedy, or claim under or with respect to this Agreement or any provision of this Agreement. This Agreement and all of its provisions and conditions are for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties to this Agreement and their successors and assigns. 15.11 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is ------------ held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect. Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable. 15.12 Section Headings, Construction. The headings of -------------------------------- Articles and Sections in this Agreement are provided for convenience only and will not affect its construction or interpretation. Unless otherwise expressly 42  provided, the word "including" does not limit the preceding words or terms. 15.13 Time of Essence. With regard to all dates and time ---------------- periods set forth or referred to in this Agreement, time is of the essence. 15.14 Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and ------------- construed under the laws of the State of New York without regard to its principles pertaining to conflict of laws. 15.15 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one ------------ or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original copy of this Agreement and all of which, when taken together, will be deemed to constitute one and the same agreement. [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. "PURCHASER" UNITED FARM FAMILY MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY By /s/ DONALD B. VILLWOCK --------------------------- Donald B. Villwock President and CEO "SELLER" AGWAY, INC. By: /s/ PETER J. O'NEILL --------------------------- Peter J. O'Neill Senior Vice President  STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT BETWEEN AGWAY INC. AND UNITED FARM FAMILY MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY DATED JUNE 14, 2002 - ------------------------------------------------ -------------------------------- Displayed below is a summary of Exhibits and Disclosure Schedules that have not been filed. We will furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted Exhibit and/or Disclosure Schedule to the Commission upon request. Exhibit A - Covenant Not To Compete Exhibit B - Escrow Agreement Exhibit C - Endorsement Agreement Exhibit D - Transition Services Agreement Exhibit E-1 - Closing Certificate of Seller Exhibit E-2 - Closing Certificate of Purchaser Exhibit F - Opinion of Counsel to Seller Exhibit G-1 - Opinion of Counsel to Purchaser Exhibit G-2 - Opinion of Local Counsel to Purchaser Exhibit H - Financial Statements  EXHIBIT 10.(ae)  - ------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------- ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN AGWAY, INC. AND Cenex Harvest States Cooperatives DATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 10, 2002 - --------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------  ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT ------------------------ This ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of the 10th day of September 2002, by and between CENEX HARVEST STATES COOPERATIVES, a Minnesota corporation ("the Purchaser"), and AGWAY, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Seller"). Terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in Section 12.3 hereof. This Asset Purchase Agreement is entered into pursuant to which the Purchaser will acquire substantially all of the assets primarily used by or in connection with the Seller's sunflower seed processing business, and its related soybean roasting, hulled millet and other grain businesses conducted at the Seller's Grandin, North Dakota facility (the "Business"). NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations and warranties, covenants and agreements, and subject to the conditions, contained herein, the Seller and the Purchaser hereby agree as follows: ARTICLE I PURCHASE OF ASSETS ------------------ 1.1 Purchase and Sale of Acquired Assets. Subject to the terms ------------------------------------ and conditions of this Agreement, the Seller agrees to sell, assign, convey and transfer to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase, at the Closing, the goodwill of the Business and all of the following assets used by or in connection with the Business (the "Acquired Assets"): (a) the real property (land and buildings) listed in Section 1.1(a) of the Disclosure Schedule (the "Real ------------------------------------------ ---- Property") and the real estate leases listed in -------- Section 1.1(b) of the Disclosure Schedule (the "Real ------------------------------------------ ---- Estate Leases"); ------------- (b) all inventory exclusively relating to the Business; (c) all Assigned Receivables; (d) all Assigned Contracts; (e) all prepaid expenses to the extent relating to the Business; (f) the machinery, equipment and vehicles listed in Section 1.1(f) of the Disclosure Schedule; ------------------------------------------ (g) all customer lists and business records primarily relating to the Business; (h) the trademarks and registrations therefor listed in Section 1.1(h) of the Disclosure Schedule and all --------------------------------------------- Proprietary Rights owned by the Seller (other than trademarks, service marks, domain names, corporate names, trade names or other indications 2  of origin) that exclusively relate to the Business, including, without limitation, all sunflower seed genetic material, hybrid, inbred parent lines and experimental genetic material owned by the Seller and used in the Business; and (i) all Proprietary Rights owned by the Seller that exclusively relate to the website found at WWW.AGWAYSUNFLOWER.COM; ----------------------- provided, however, that (i) the Purchaser shall delete all references -------- ------- contained on such website to the Seller's ownership of the Business within thirty (30) days after closing; (ii) the Purchaser shall add a link from WWW.AGWAYSUNFLOWER.COM to WWW.AGWAY.COM in a manner that ---------------------- ------------- clearly indicates to consumers that the two companies and two websites are owned by different entities; (iii) the Purchaser shall clearly indicate on the first page of its website that it is using the WWW.AGWAYSUNFLOWER.COM domain name under license from Agway; and (iv) ---------------------- the Purchaser shall bear all costs associated with the transfer of such website to the Purchaser's server (or any other server designated by Purchaser), which transfer shall be accomplished within five (5) days after Closing. 1.1.1 Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the parties expressly acknowledge and agree that the Seller shall retain, and the Acquired Assets shall not include, any of the following assets (the "Excluded Assets"): (a) all of the Seller's cash or cash equivalents; (b) all Excluded Receivables; (c) all Contracts not constituting Assigned Contracts; (d) all rights of the Seller under this Agreement and all agreements, instruments and certificates executed in connection with this Agreement; (e) all records prepared in connection with the sale of the Business, including analyses relating to the Business; (f) all rights of the Seller under insurance policies; (g) all rights, Claims and causes of action relating to any of the Excluded Liabilities or the Excluded Assets, including rights, Claims and causes of action under Contracts included in the Excluded Assets and insurance policies relating thereto; (h) all rights, Claims and causes of action, asserted or unasserted, of any kind or nature arising prior to the Closing Date, including, without limitation, all rights, Claims and causes of action arising prior to the Closing Date under Contracts included in the Acquired Assets, excluding accounts receivable described in Section 1.1(c); (i) all right, title or interest in or to the name and mark relating to AGWAY, FEATHERED FRIEND (as used and registered in the United States) and the other trademarks, domain names and other indications of origin listed on Annexes A and B to the License 3  Agreement (in logo type design or any other style or design and any name, mark or indication of origin derived therefrom including any abbreviations thereof), except to the limited extent the Purchaser acquires an express license to use such names, trademarks or other indications of origin pursuant to the License Agreement; (j) all rights to, or claims available to or being pursued by the Seller for, refunds of or credits against Taxes (including all investment tax credits, research credits and credits for prepayments of Income Taxes) attributable to the Business or the Acquired Assets; (k) any Tax Return relating to the Business or the Acquired Assets, and records and work papers used in preparation thereof; (l) all prepaid expenses or deposits associated with any of the Excluded Assets or Excluded Liabilities; (m) the corporate charter, article of organization, bylaws, qualifications to conduct business as a foreign corporation, arrangements with registered agents relating to foreign qualifications, taxpayer and other identification numbers, seals, minute books, stock transfer books, blank stock certificates, and other documents relating to the organization, maintenance, and existence of the Seller; and (n) all records and reports maintained by the Seller pertaining exclusively to other Excluded Assets or Excluded Liabilities. 1.1.2 (a) Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as an attempt to agree to assign any Assigned Contract which is non-assignable without the consent of any other party thereto, unless such consent shall have been given. The Seller and the Purchaser shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all consents necessary to effect such assignment, effective as of the Closing, prior to the Closing, it being understood that the failure to obtain such consents shall not reduce the Purchase Price or relieve any party from its obligation to consummate at the Closing the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. To the extent they are unsuccessful in obtaining such consents by Closing, the Seller and the Purchaser shall continue their efforts to obtain such consent(s) after the Closing, and pending the ultimate obtaining of such approvals, or if such approvals are impossible to obtain, the Seller shall take all such commercially reasonable action as may be necessary or proper in order to enable the Seller and the Purchaser to arrange for performance by the Purchaser in accordance with Section 1.1.2(b). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, nothing in this Section 1.1.2 shall require the Seller or the Purchaser to expend any material sum, make a material financial commitment or grant or agree to any material concession to any third Person to obtain any such consent. (b) To the extent that any such consents and waivers are not obtained, or until the impediments to such assignment are resolved, the Seller shall use all reasonable efforts (without the expenditure, in the aggregate, of any material sum) to the extent permitted by Law to (i) provide to the Purchaser, at the request of the Purchaser, the benefits of any such 4 Assigned Contracts, (ii) cooperate in any lawful arrangement designed to provide such benefits to the Purchaser and (iii) enforce, at the request of and for the account of the Purchaser, any rights of the Seller arising from any such Assigned Contracts against any third Person including the right to elect to terminate in accordance with the terms thereof upon the advice of the Purchaser. To the extent that the Purchaser is provided the benefits (including payment rights) of any Assigned Contracts referred to herein (whether from the Seller or otherwise), (i) the Purchaser shall perform for the benefit of any third Person the obligations of the Seller thereunder or in connection therewith, and (ii) the Purchaser agrees to pay, perform and discharge, and, pursuant to Section 11.3, indemnify the Seller against and hold the Seller harmless from, all obligations and liabilities of the Seller relating to such performance or failure to perform, and in the event of a failure of such indemnity, the Seller shall cease to be obligated under this Agreement in respect of the Assigned Contracts which are the subject of such failure. 1.1.3 Promptly after the execution of this Agreement and continuing until the Closing Date, representatives of the Seller and the Purchaser shall jointly review, applying a reasonable analysis of applicable credit factors, the accounts receivable that relate exclusively to the Business but that are not described in clauses (i) and (ii) of the definition of "Assigned Receivables." Each such account receivable as to which the parties agree, based on such review, that such account receivable does not entail a substantial risk of uncollectibility shall constitute an Assigned Receivable and shall be identified as such on a schedule signed at the Closing Date by such representatives. Each such account receivable as to which the parties disagree, based on such review, whether such account receivable entails a substantial risk of uncollectibility shall constitute an Assigned Receivable but shall also constitute a Puttable Receivable and shall be identified as such on a separate schedule signed at the Closing Date by such representatives. 1.2. Assumed Liabilities. At the Closing, except as described in ------------------- this Section 1.2, the Purchaser shall assume and agree to pay, satisfy, perform and discharge as the same shall become due (i) all accounts payable to the extent they relate to the Business and are listed on a schedule prepared by the Seller and delivered to the Purchaser prior to the Closing Date, and (ii) all liabilities resulting from or arising out of the operation of the Business by the Purchaser, or the Purchaser's ownership, operation or use of the Acquired Assets, or the actions or omissions of the Purchaser, its Affiliates, agents, contractors or subcontractors in connection therewith, following the Closing, including but not limited to liabilities under Assigned Contracts and the Real Estate Leases, in each case arising after the Closing Date (the "Assumed Liabilities"), pursuant to an Assumption Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit 1.2 hereto. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Purchaser shall not assume or otherwise be responsible at any time for any liability, obligation, debt or commitment of the Seller, including, but not limited to, any liabilities, obligations, debts or commitments of the Seller incident to, arising out of or incurred with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, other than the Assumed Liabilities. Without limiting the foregoing, the following liabilities shall be retained by the Seller (the "Excluded Liabilities"): (a) any liability of the Seller for Income Taxes attributable to the Business or the Acquired Assets for Pre-Closing Tax Periods, including (A) any liability for Income Taxes of the Seller pursuant to Treasury Regulation ss.1.1502-6(a) or any comparable provision of state, local 5  or foreign law and (B) Income Taxes resulting from the sale and transfer from the Seller to the Purchaser of the Acquired Assets; and (b) all liabilities in respect of any claim, lawsuit, action or proceeding to the extent such claim, lawsuit, action or proceeding directly pertains to any Excluded Asset or Excluded Liability. 1.3. Method of Conveyance. The sale, transfer, conveyance and ---------------------- assignment by the Seller of the Acquired Assets to the Purchaser in accordance with Section 1.1 hereof shall be effected on the Closing Date at the Closing by the Seller's execution and delivery to the Purchaser of instruments of transfer including: (a) special warranty deeds to the Real Property in the form of the special warranty deed attached hereto as Exhibit 1.3(a), (b) a bill of sale in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1.3(b) (the "Bill of Sale"), (c) an assignment of the Seller's leases included in the Acquired Assets in the form of Exhibit 1.3(c) attached hereto (the "Assignment of Lease"), (d) transfer documents for the certificates of title for all of the Seller's vehicles included in the Acquired Assets, and (e) assignments of trademarks for the trademarks included in the Acquired Assets. At the Closing, all of the Acquired Assets shall be transferred by the Seller to the Purchaser free and clear of any and all Liens, other than Permitted Liens. 1.4 Purchase Price. In consideration for the conveyance of the -------------- Acquired Assets and in reliance on the representations and warranties, covenants and agreements of the Seller contained herein and the documents contemplated hereby, the Purchaser agrees to assume the Assumed Liabilities and shall pay to the Seller at Closing an amount equal to the sum of $8,500,000 plus the Closing Date Net Current Asset Value, or if the Closing Date Net Current Asset Value is negative, minus the absolute value of the Closing Date Net Current Asset Value (such amount, plus or minus any adjustments pursuant to Section 1.6, the "Purchase Price"). 1.5 Current Asset Valuation. (a) During the two days prior to the ----------------------- Closing Date, representatives of the Seller and the Purchaser shall conduct a physical count of the inventory included in the Acquired Assets for purposes of determining the quantities and types thereof, and shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to complete and agree upon such determination and the calculation of the Closing Date Inventory Value prior to the Closing Date. Unless they are unable to reach such agreement, such representatives shall jointly sign a certificate setting forth such agreed valuation, which shall be final and binding on, and shall be nonappealable by, the parties and shall be the Closing Date Inventory Value for all purposes of this Agreement. If they are unable to reach such agreement prior to the Closing Date, the Closing Date Inventory Value shall be deemed to be the amount equal to (i) 90% of the book value of all inventory of the Business as set forth on the balance sheet of the Business, prepared in accordance with GAAP as of the most recent month-end prior to the Closing Date minus (ii) $118,000, solely for purposes of determining the amount of Purchase Price to be paid at Closing, and the provisions of Section 1.6(a) through (c) shall apply for purposes of determining the final Closing Date Inventory Value. (b) During the two days prior to the Closing Date, representatives of the Seller and the Purchaser shall review the accounts receivable included in the Acquired Assets and the accounts payable included in the Assumed Liabilities, and shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to complete and agree upon the Closing Date Receivables Value and the Closing Date 6 Payables Value. Unless they are unable to reach such agreement, such representatives shall jointly sign a certificate setting forth such agreed valuation, which shall be final and binding on, and shall be nonappealable by, the parties and shall be the Closing Date Receivables Value and the Closing Date Payables Value, respectively, subject to the provisions of Section 1.6(d). If such representatives are unable to reach such agreement as to the Closing Date Receivables Value prior to the Closing Date, the Closing Date Receivables Value shall be deemed to be the book value of the accounts receivable of the Business described in Section 1.1(c) as set forth on the balance sheet of the Business, prepared in accordance with GAAP as of the most recent month-end prior to the Closing Date, solely for purposes of determining the amount of Purchase Price to be paid at Closing, and the provisions of Section 1.6(a) through (c) shall apply for purposes of determining the final Closing Date Receivables Value. If such representatives are unable to reach such agreement as to the Closing Date Payables Value prior to the Closing Date, the Closing Date Payables Value shall be deemed to be the book value of the accounts payable of the Business as set forth on the balance sheet of the Business, prepared in accordance with GAAP as of the most recent month-end prior to the Closing Date, solely for purposes of determining the amount of Purchase Price to be paid at Closing, and the provisions of Section 1.6(a) through (c) shall apply for purposes of determining the final Closing Date Payables Value. 1.6 Purchase Price Adjustments. -------------------------- (a) Post-Closing Purchase Price Adjustment. If the representatives of the parties are unable to agree on the Closing Date Inventory Value, the Closing Date Receivables Value or the Closing Date Payables Value in accordance with Section 1.5, then, as soon as practicable but no later than fifteen (15) business days after the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall prepare and deliver to the Seller a balance sheet which shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP applied consistently with the preparation of the Financial Statements (the "Closing Date Balance Sheet") and a calculation of the Closing Date Inventory Value, the Closing Date Receivables Value or the Closing Date Payables Value (whichever items are in dispute) and a calculation of the Closing Date Net Current Asset Value, in each case, as of the opening of business on the Closing Date. The Seller shall have the right to dispute the calculation of any such disputed item and make any proposed adjustments thereto as provided in Section 1.6(b). (i) If it is determined there is a Current Asset Value Shortfall, the difference shall be paid to the Purchaser on the Settlement Date; or (ii) If it is determined there is a Current Asset Value Surplus, the difference shall be paid to the Seller on the Settlement Date. (iii) In the event a Current Asset Value Shortfall is not paid to the Purchaser on the Settlement Date (unless due to the fault of the Purchaser), the Seller shall also pay to the Purchaser interest on the amount of the Current Asset Value Shortfall at a rate of nine percent (9%) per annum, which shall accrue from the Settlement Date to the date of actual payment. In the event a Current Asset Value Surplus is not paid to the Seller on the Settlement Date (unless due to 7  the fault of the Seller), the Purchaser shall also pay to the Seller interest on the amount of the Current Asset Value Surplus at a rate of nine percent (9%) per annum, which shall accrue from the Settlement Date to the date of actual payment. (b) Dispute Resolution Procedures. The Seller shall have until fifteen (15) business days after the delivery of the Closing Date Balance Sheet and accompanying calculations to review such calculations and propose any adjustments thereto. All adjustments proposed by the Seller shall be set out in detail in a written statement delivered to the Purchaser (the "Adjustment Statement") and shall be incorporated into the Closing Date Net Current Asset Value calculation, unless the Purchaser shall object in writing to such proposed adjustments (the proposed adjustment or adjustments to which the Purchaser objects are referred to herein as the "Contested Adjustments" and the Purchaser's objection notice is referred to herein as the "Contested Adjustment Notice") within fifteen (15) business days of delivery by the Seller to the Purchaser of the Adjustment Statement. If the Purchaser delivers a Contested Adjustment Notice to the Seller, the Purchaser and the Seller shall use reasonable efforts to resolve their dispute regarding the Contested Adjustments, but if a final resolution thereof is not obtained within ten (10) days after the Purchaser delivers to the Seller said Contested Adjustment Notice, the Purchaser and the Seller shall promptly retain a nationally recognized independent accounting firm acceptable to both the Seller and the Purchaser (the "Independent Accountant") to resolve any remaining disputes concerning the Contested Adjustments. Either the Seller or the Purchaser may retain the Independent Accountant upon the expiration of such ten-day period. If the Independent Accountant is retained, then (i) the Seller and the Purchaser shall each submit to the Independent Accountant in writing not later than fifteen (15) days after the Independent Accountant is retained their respective positions with respect to the Contested Adjustments, together with such supporting documentation as they deem necessary or as the Independent Accountant requests, and (ii) the Independent Accountant shall, within thirty (30) days after receiving the positions of both the Seller and the Purchaser and all supplementary supporting documentation requested by the Independent Accountant, render its decision as to the Contested Adjustments, which decision shall be final and binding on, and nonappealable by, the Seller and the Purchaser. The fees and expenses of the Independent Accountant shall be shared equally by the Seller and the Purchaser. The decision of the Independent Accountant shall also include a certificate of the Independent Accountant setting forth the final calculation of the Closing Date Net Current Asset Value (the "Settlement Amount Certificate"), which shall include all adjustments proposed by the Seller not disputed by the Purchaser and those adjustments accepted or made by the decision of the Independent Accountant in resolving the Contested Adjustments. (c) There shall be a "Settlement Date" after the calculation of the Closing Date Net Current Asset Value which shall mean the following, as applicable: (i) If the Seller has not timely delivered an Adjustment Statement to the Purchaser, twenty (20) days after the date the Seller receives the Closing Date Net Current Asset Value calculation; 8  (ii) If the Seller has timely delivered an Adjustment Statement and the Purchaser has not timely delivered a Contested Adjustment Notice, twenty (20)days after the date the Purchaser receives the Adjustment Statement; (iii) If the Seller and the Purchaser have any disputes regarding Contested Adjustments and they resolve those disputes, five business days after such resolution; (iv) Five business days after the Independent Accountant delivers the Settlement Amount Certificate, if applicable; or (v) Such other date as shall be agreed between the Seller and the Purchaser. (d) Real and personal property Taxes relating to the Acquired Assets, utility charges, rentals and similar charges relating to the Business that are unpaid as of the Closing Date and that cover or are attributable to periods that straddle the Closing Date, including but not limited to any such charges that are reflected on invoices received after the Closing Date and that were not taken into account in the calculation of the Closing Date Payables Value pursuant to Section 1.5, shall be pro rated between the parties on a per diem basis as of the Closing Date, and the parties shall make such payments to one another as shall be appropriate to reflect such proration or, to the extent such amounts are determined prior to the Closing, shall be adjustments reflected on the closing statement. Any dispute under this provision shall be resolved by the Independent Accountant within thirty (30) days of the submission of such dispute. ARTICLE II REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SELLER -------------------------------------------- The Seller hereby makes, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, the following representations and warranties to the Purchaser, except as otherwise set forth in a written disclosure schedule (the "Disclosure Schedule") delivered by the Seller to the Purchaser prior to the date hereof and attached hereto, and which contains schedules numbered to correspond to various sections of this Article II and which sets forth certain exceptions to the representations and warranties contained in this Article II and certain other information called for by this Agreement. Unless otherwise specified, each reference in this Agreement to any numbered schedule is a reference to that numbered schedule that is included in the Disclosure Schedule. 2.1 Corporate Organization, Etc. The Seller is a corporation duly ---------------------- organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation with full corporate power and authority to carry on its business as it is now being conducted and to own, operate and lease its properties and assets. 2.2 Authorization, Etc. The Seller has full power and authority to ------------- enter into this Agreement and the agreements contemplated hereby and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and all other agreements and 9 transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Seller and no other corporate proceedings on its part are necessary to authorize this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement and all other agreements contemplated hereby to be entered into by the Seller each constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Seller enforceable against the Seller in accordance with its terms. 2.3 No Violation. The execution, delivery and performance by the ------------ Seller of this Agreement, and all other agreements contemplated hereby, and the fulfillment of and compliance with the respective terms hereof and thereof by the Seller, do not and will not (a) conflict with or result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of, (b) constitute a default or event of default under (with due notice, lapse of time or both), (c) result in the creation of any Lien upon the Acquired Assets pursuant to, (d) give any third party the right to accelerate any obligation under, (e) result in a violation of, or (f) require any authorization, consent, approval, exemption or other action by, notice to, or filing with any Authority pursuant to, the charter or bylaws of the Seller or any applicable Law (including, without limitation, approvals pursuant to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act), Order or any Contract to which the Seller or its properties or the Acquired Assets are subject. The Seller has complied with all applicable Laws and Orders in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 2.4 Financial Statements. Set forth as Section 2.4 of the Disclosure -------------------- Schedule are the historical unaudited financial statements (the "Financial Statements") of the Business for fiscal years 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001 and 2002. All such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP and fairly represent in all material respects the consolidated financial condition and operating profit of the Business as of the respective dates thereof and for the respective periods covered thereby through and including the period ended June 30, 2002 (the "Balance Sheet Date"). 2.5 Employees. Section 2.5 of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a --------- list of all key Business Employees (meaning those earning more than $40,000 annually) of the Seller. The Seller is in compliance with all Laws or Orders affecting employment and employment practices applicable to the Seller and the Business Employees, including terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours. The Seller has no collective bargaining agreements and, since January 1, 2000, there have been no strikes, work stoppages nor any demands for collective bargaining by any union or labor organization, in each case with respect to the Business Employees. There is no dispute or controversy with any union or other organization of the Business Employees and no arbitration proceedings pending or to the Knowledge of the Seller threatened involving a dispute or controversy affecting the Business Employees. 2.6 Absence of Certain Changes. Since the Balance Sheet Date, there ---------------------------- has not been any (a) Material Adverse Change in the Business; (b) damage, destruction or loss, whether covered by insurance or not, having a Material Adverse Effect on the Business; (c) increase in the compensation payable to or to become payable by the Seller to any Business Employee or any adoption of or increase in any bonus, insurance, pension or other employee benefit plan, payment or arrangement made to, for or with any Business Employee in each case other than in the ordinary course of business or as may be required under existing agreements; (d) entry into any material Contract not in the ordinary 10  course of business; (e) change by the Seller in accounting methods or principles with respect to the Business; (f) failure to promptly pay and discharge current liabilities of the Business; or (g) Lien placed on any of the Acquired Assets other than Permitted Liens. 2.7 Contracts. --------- (a) With respect to the Business, the Seller is not a party to any written or oral: (i) Contract relating to the mortgaging, pledging or otherwise placing a Lien on any of the Acquired Assets other than a Permitted Lien and the Senior Lender Liens; (ii) Guarantee or Contract for the borrowing of money that will be an Assumed Liability; (iii) Contract pursuant to which the Seller is (and the Purchaser will become) the lessor of, or any third party is permitted to hold or operate, any property, real or personal, owned or controlled by the Seller with respect to the Business; (iv) Contract or non-competition provision in any Contract prohibiting or restricting it from freely engaging in the Business except for the restrictions and prohibitions specified in the License Agreement; (v) Contract for the purchase, acquisition or supply of inventory and other property and assets primarily relating  to the Business, whether for resale or otherwise, in excess of $20,000; (vi) Contracts with independent agents, brokers, dealers or distributors which provide for annual payments in excess of $20,000; (vii) employment or consulting; (viii) any other Contract which involves a consideration in excess of $20,000 annually that is an Assumed Liability, excluding any purchase orders in the ordinary course of business (the foregoing be referred to collectively as the "Material Contracts"). (b) With respect to the Business, the Seller has performed in all material respects all obligations required to be performed by it under, and is not in default in any respect under or in breach of nor in receipt of any Claim of default or breach under, any Material Contract; no event has occurred which with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would result in a default, breach or event of non-compliance by the Seller under any Material Contract; and the Seller does not have any Knowledge of any breach or anticipated breach by the other parties to any Material Contract. (c) The Seller has delivered to the Purchaser true and complete copies of all the Contracts and documents listed in the schedules to this Agreement. 2.8 Title and Related Matters. ------------------------- (a) The Seller has good and marketable title to all Acquired Assets, free and clear of all Liens, except (i) Permitted Liens and (ii) the Senior Lender Liens. Section 2.8(b) of the Disclosure Schedule hereto sets forth a complete and accurate list of all leased assets that have annual rental payments in excess of $20,000. At the Closing, the Seller shall deliver good and marketable title to all of the Acquired Assets, free and clear of all Liens except for the Permitted Liens. (b) All the leases that are part of the Acquired Assets are in full force and effect. The Seller has not received any notice of any, and there exists no event of default or event which constitutes or would constitute (with notice or lapse of time or both) a default by the Seller or any, to the Seller's Knowledge, other Person under any lease. All rent and other amounts due 11  and payable with respect to the leases that are part of the Acquired Assets have been paid through the date of this Agreement and all rent and other amounts due and payable with respect to the leases that are part of the Acquired Assets that are due and payable on or prior to the Closing Date will have been paid prior to the Closing Date. (c) The buildings, structures and improvements or real property included within the Acquired Assets (collectively, the "Improvements") comply in all material respects with all applicable restrictions, building ordinances and zoning ordinances and all Laws. The Improvements are in good operating condition and repair, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and are adequate and suitable for the purposes for which they are presently being used. The real property included in the Acquired Assets and its continued use, occupancy and operation as currently used, occupied and operated does not constitute a nonconforming use under any Law or Order affecting the real property (other than possible set back violations, none of which will have a Material Adverse Effect or the continued use, occupancy and operation of the real property included in the Acquired Assets as currently used, occupied and operated), and the continued existence, use, occupancy and operation of each Improvement, and the right and ability to repair and/or rebuild such Improvements in the event of casualty, is not dependent on any special Permit, exception, approval or variance. (d) There has not been since the Balance Sheet Date and will not be prior to the Closing Date, any sale, lease, or any other disposition or distribution by the Seller of any of the Acquired Assets, now or hereafter owned by it, except for (i) sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business, (ii) sales or retirement of equipment no longer useful in the Business and (iii) transactions consented to by the Purchaser. After the Closing, the Purchaser will own, or have the unrestricted right to use, all properties and assets that are primarily used in connection with the Business subject to restrictions set forth in the License Agreement. 2.9 Litigation. There is no Claim pending or, to the best Knowledge ---------- of the Seller, threatened against the Seller which, if adversely determined, would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Business, nor is there any Order outstanding against the Seller having, or which, insofar as can be reasonably foreseen, in the future may have, a Material Adverse Effect on the Business. 2.10 Tax Matters. The Seller has filed on a timely basis all material ----------- Tax Returns that were required to be filed with respect to the Business or the Acquired Assets pursuant to applicable law, and all such Tax Returns were true, correct and complete in all material respects. The Seller has paid, or made provision for the payment of, all material Taxes that have become due pursuant to those Tax Returns and that are attributable to the Seller, the Business or the Acquired Assets. 2.11 Compliance with Law and Applicable Government Laws. The Business -------------------------------------------------- has not been, and is not being, operated in material violation of all applicable Laws and applicable Orders, including, but not limited to, all Laws relating to the safe conduct of business, quality and labeling, antitrust, consumer protection, equal opportunity, discrimination, health, sanitation, fire, zoning, building and occupational safety. There are no Claims pending, or to the Knowledge of the Seller threatened, nor has the Seller received any written notice, regarding any violations of any Laws or Orders enforced by any Authority 12  claiming jurisdiction over the Seller including any requirement of OSHA. This Section shall not apply to Tax matters, employee benefit matters or environmental matters, which are instead the subject of Sections 2.10, 2.12 and 2.14, respectively. 2.12 ERISA and Related Matters. ------------------------- (a) Section 2.12(a) of the Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and accurate list of all the Seller Plans and other benefit obligations with respect to the Business. (b) The Seller has made available to the Purchaser: (i) all documents that set forth the terms of each Seller Plan or other benefit obligation and of any related trust, including (A) plan descriptions and summary plan descriptions of Plans for which the Seller is required to prepare and distribute plan descriptions and summary plan descriptions, and (B) summaries and descriptions furnished to participants and beneficiaries regarding plans or other benefit obligations for which a plan description or summary plan description is not required; (ii) the most recent actuarial report with respect to any Seller Title IV Plan; (iii) the Form 5500 filed for the most recent Plan year with respect to each Seller Plan, including all schedules thereto and the opinions of independent accountants; and (iv) with respect to Pension Plans, the most recent determination letter for each Plan of the Seller. (c) (i) Each Seller Plan intended to be qualified under Code Section 401(a) has or has applied for a current favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service indicating that the Plan is so qualified, none of such Plans has been subject to any assertion by any governmental Authority that it is not qualified, and nothing has occurred with respect to the operation of any such Plan which is reasonably likely to cause the imposition of any material liability against the Business or the Purchaser under ERISA or other applicable laws other than the Code. With respect to all other Seller Plans and other benefits obligations with respect to the Business, nothing has occurred which is reasonably likely to cause the imposition of any material liability against the Business or the Purchaser under ERISA, the Code, or other applicable laws. Without limiting the foregoing: (A) No transaction prohibited by ERISA Section 406 and no "prohibited transaction" under Code Section 4975(c) have occurred with respect to any Seller Plan that is reasonably likely to result in a material liability to the Business or the Purchaser. (B) All contributions required with respect to any Seller Plan have been paid to the applicable Seller Plan or trust when due, and the Seller has no liability to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation with respect to any Plan. 13  (C) All contributions and payments made or accrued with respect to all Seller Plans and other benefit obligations are deductible under Code Section 162 or Section 404. No amount, or any asset of any Seller Plan, is subject to tax as unrelated business taxable income. (ii) Other than routine claims for benefits submitted by participants or beneficiaries, no Claim against, or legal proceeding involving any Seller Plan or other benefit obligation that would have any Material Adverse Effect to the Business or the Purchaser is pending or, to the Seller's Knowledge, is threatened. (iii) Neither the Seller nor any ERISA Affiliate contributes to or otherwise participates in any Multi-Employer Plan and neither the Seller nor any ERISA Affiliate has been notified of withdrawal liability by any Multi- Employer Plan. (iv) The Seller has complied in all material respects with the provisions of ERISA Section 601 et seq. and Code Section 4980B. (v) No payment that is owed or may become due to any Business Employee or any director, officer, employee, or agent of the Seller as a result of the consummation of transactions contemplated hereby will be non- deductible to the Purchaser or subject to Tax under Code Section 280G or Section 4999; nor will the Purchaser be required to "gross up" or otherwise compensate any such person because of the imposition of any excise tax on a payment to such person. (vi) The consummation of transactions contemplated hereby and hereunder will not result in the payment, vesting, or acceleration of any benefit. 2.13 Intellectual Property. --------------------- (a) The Seller owns or has a license or has the right to use the Proprietary Rights listed on Section 2.13(a) of the Disclosure Schedule; each such item of Proprietary Rights listed on Section 2.13(a) of the Disclosure Schedule has been duly registered with, filed in, or issued by the appropriate Authority, to the extent required; and each such registration, filing and issuance remains in full force and effect. To the Knowledge of the Seller, no Claim adverse to the interests of the Seller in the Proprietary Rights or Contracts listed in Section 2.13(a) of the Disclosure Schedule has been made in litigation. (b) To the Knowledge of the Seller, (i) no other Person has any rights to any of the Proprietary Rights owned or used by the Seller that are listed on Section 2.13(a) of the Disclosure Schedule except pursuant to agreements or licenses specified in Section 2.13(b) of the Disclosure Schedule, (ii) no other Person is infringing, violating or misappropriating any such Proprietary Right, and (iii) no such Proprietary Right is subject to any outstanding Order or Claim. 14  2.14 Environmental Matters. --------------------- (a) Neither the Business nor the operation thereof has violated any material applicable Environmental Law and no condition exists or Occurrence has occurred which, with notice or the passage of time or both, would constitute a violation of any material Environmental Law; (b) the Seller is in possession of all material Environmental Permits required under any applicable Environmental Law for the conduct or operation of the Business (or any part thereof), and the Seller is in full compliance with all of the requirements and limitations included in such Environmental Permits; (c) the Seller has not received any written notice from any Authority or any private Person that the Business or the operation of any of its facilities is in violation of any material Environmental Law or any material Environmental Permit; and (d) the Seller is not the subject of any material Federal, state, local, or private Claim involving a demand for damages or other potential liability with respect to a violation of Environmental Laws relating to operations or the condition of any facilities or property (including underlying groundwater) owned, leased, or operated by the Seller in the Business. 2.15 Dealings with Affiliates. Section 2.15 of the Disclosure ------------------------ Schedule hereto sets forth a complete and accurate list, including the parties, of all oral or written Contracts included in the Acquired Assets or Assumed Liabilities to which any one or more Affiliates of the Seller is also a party. 2.16 Insurance. The Seller currently has, and through the Closing --------- Date will have, Policies in full force and effect that provide for coverages that are usual and customary as to amount and scope in the Business. 2.17 Accounts Receivable; Inventories. With respect to the Business, ------------------- the accounts receivable of the Seller reflected in the Financial Statements and such additional accounts receivable as are included in the Acquired Assets (except to the extent reserved against in the Financial Statements) are or will be valid, genuine and subsisting, and arise or will arise out of bona fide sales and deliveries of goods, performance of services or other business transactions. The inventories reflected on the Financial Statements and included in the Acquired Assets do not include any items which are not usable or saleable in the ordinary course of business of the Seller. 2.18 Brokerage. There are no claims for brokerage commissions, --------- finders' fees or similar compensation in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based on any arrangement or agreement binding upon the Seller that would be an Assumed Liability. 2.19 Customers and Suppliers. With respect to the Business, no ------------------------- material supplier of the Business has advised the Seller in writing within the past year that it will stop, or decrease the rate of, supplying materials, products, or services to the Seller (other than by reason of changes in crop yields) and no material customer of the Business has advised the Seller in writing within the past year that it will stop, or decrease the rate of, buying materials, products or services from the Seller. With respect to the Business, Section 2.19 of the Disclosure Schedule hereto sets forth a complete and 15  accurate list of (a) each customer that accounted for more than 5% of the revenues of the Business during the last full fiscal year and the amount of revenues accounted for by such customer during each such period and (b) each supplier that is the sole supplier of any significant product or component to the Business. 2.20 Permits. The Permits listed on Section 2.20 of the Disclosure ------- Schedule hereto are the only material Permits that are required for the Seller to conduct the Business as presently conducted. Each such Permit is in full force and effect and, to the best of the Knowledge of the Seller, no suspension or cancellation of any such Permit is threatened and there is no basis for believing that such Permit will not be renewable upon expiration. 2.21 Utilities. The Improvements primarily used in the Business has --------- sufficient power, fuel oil, natural gas and water supplies and adequate sewerage and waste disposal systems for the operation of the Business as presently conducted, and, to the Seller's Knowledge, all such supplies and systems will be available after the Closing to the Purchaser. All such systems are in compliance with all federal, state and local environmental and other Laws in all material respects. 2.22 Sufficiency of Assets. The Acquired Assets are all of the --------------------- material assets used by the Seller to conduct the Business and are sufficient for the continued conduct of the Business after the Closing in substantially the same manner as conducted prior to Closing. 2.23 Mycogen Agreement. The Business is currently not processing ------------------ any seed and the business plan of the Business does not contemplate future processing of seed under that certain License and Supply Agreement, dated as of May 10, 1995, including all addenda thereto, by and between the Seller and Mycogen Plant Sciences, a Delaware corporation. 2.24 No Other Representations or Warranties. -------------------------------------- Except for representations and warranties contained in this Article II, neither the Seller nor any other Person makes any representation or warranty whatsoever, express or implied, on behalf of the Seller. ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PURCHASER ----------------------------------------------- The Purchaser represents and warrants to the Seller as follows as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date: 3.1 Corporate Organization, Etc. The Purchaser is a corporation duly ---------------------------- organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation with full corporate power and authority to carry on its business as it is now being conducted and to own, operate and lease its properties and assets. 3.2 Authorization, Etc. The Purchaser has full corporate power and ------------------ authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Board of Directors of the Purchaser has duly authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, and no other corporate 16  proceedings on their part are necessary to authorize this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser enforceable against the Purchaser in accordance with its terms. 3.3 No Violation. The execution, delivery and performance by the ------------- Purchaser of this Agreement, and all other agreements contemplated hereby, and the fulfillment of and compliance with the respective terms hereof and thereof by the Purchaser, do not and will not (a) conflict with or result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of, (b) result in a violation of, or (c) require any authorization, consent, approval, exemption or other action by, or notice to, or filing with any court or Authority pursuant to, the charter or bylaws of the Purchaser or, to the best knowledge of the Purchaser, any applicable Law, Order or any contract to which the Purchaser, or its properties are subject. The Purchaser will comply in all material respects with all applicable Laws and Orders in connection with its execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 3.4 Certain Proceedings. There is no pending proceeding that has been ------------------- commenced against the Purchaser that challenges, or may have the effect of preventing, delaying, making illegal or otherwise interfering with, any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. To the Purchaser's knowledge, no such proceeding has been commenced or threatened. 3.5 Financing. The Purchaser has (through cash on hand, existing --------- credit arrangements or otherwise) as of the date hereof, and will have at the Closing, sufficient funds to pay the Purchase Price, any expenses to be incurred by the Purchaser in connection with this Agreement and all other amounts payable by the Purchaser at the Closing and to perform its obligations hereunder following the Closing and to provide adequate working capital to the Business. 3.6 Brokers or Finders. The Purchaser and its officers and agents ------------------ have incurred no obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise, for brokerage or finders' fees or agents' commissions or other similar payment in connection with this Agreement. ARTICLE IV COVENANTS OF THE SELLER ----------------------- Until the Closing Date, except as otherwise consented to or approved by the Purchaser in writing, the Seller agrees that, with respect to the Business, it shall act, or refrain from acting where required hereinafter, to comply with the following: 4.1 Regular Course of Business. The Seller shall operate the Business -------------------------- diligently and in good faith, consistent with past management practices, use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain all of its properties of the Business in customary repair, order and condition, reasonable wear and tear excepted; maintain (except for expiration due to lapse of time) all leases and Contracts in effect without change except as expressly provided herein; comply in all material respects with the provisions of all Laws and Orders applicable 17  to the Seller and the conduct of the Business; and maintain insurance coverage up to the Closing Date consistent with the terms set forth in Section 2.16. 4.2 Certain Prohibited Transactions. Until the Closing Date, without -------------------------------- obtaining the prior written consent of the Purchaser, the Seller shall not and shall not commit or agree to, other than in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices, (i) increase the salary or benefits of any Business Employee or commit to pay any bonuses or other cash or property to any Business Employee, (ii) cancel, release, waive or compromise any debt, Claim or right in its favor having a value in excess of $5,000 other than in connection with returns for credit or replacement in the ordinary course of business, (iii) incur or assume any Indebtedness, (iv) make any loans or advances to any Person that would be an Assumed Liability, or (v) sell or otherwise transfer or grant any Liens (other than Permitted Liens and Senior Lender Liens) on or right to acquire any of the assets or other property primarily owned or used in the Business. 4.3 Access and Disclosure. --------------------- (a) The Seller shall afford to the Purchaser and its counsel, accountants, agents and other authorized representatives reasonable access during business hours to the Business's plants, properties, books and records in order that the Purchaser may have full opportunity to make such reasonable investigations as it shall desire to make of the affairs of the Business; and the Seller shall cause its officers, employees and auditors to furnish such additional financial and operating data and other information relating to the Business as the Purchaser shall from time to time reasonably request. (b) From time to time prior to the Closing Date, the Seller shall promptly supplement or amend information previously delivered to the Purchaser with respect to any matter hereafter arising which, if existing or occurring at the date of this Agreement, would have been required to be set forth or disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule. 4.4 Fulfillment of Conditions Precedent. The Seller shall use -------------------------------------- commercially reasonable efforts to obtain by September 16, 2002 (or, if such date is not practicable, as soon thereafter as is practicable) and at its expense all such waivers, Permits, consents, approvals or other authorizations from third parties and Authorities required on its part in connection with, and to do all things as may be necessary or desirable to fulfill the conditions to, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 4.5 License Agreement. The Seller shall enter into and deliver at ----------------- Closing the License Agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit 7.7 hereto. ----------- 4.6 Employees; Employee Benefit Matters. The Seller shall cooperate ----------------------------------- with the Purchaser in connection with the Purchaser satisfying its obligations under Section 5.4 below. The Seller shall retain the liability for payment of the completion of business transaction and performance incentives under the terms of the individual retention incentive agreements listed in Section 2.12(c)(vi) of the Disclosure Schedule. 18  4.7 Non-Competition. For a period of three (3) years from the --------------- Closing, the Seller shall not, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries not to, directly or indirectly, engage in any business that is in competition with the Business. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 4.7, the Purchaser hereby agrees that the foregoing covenant shall not be deemed breached as a result of (i) the ownership by the Seller or any Affiliate of the Seller of less than an aggregate of 5% of any class of capital stock of a person engaged, directly or indirectly, in a business that is in competition with the Business or less than 10% in value of any instrument of indebtedness of a Person engaged, directly or indirectly, in a business that is in competition with the Business, (ii) the retention and conduct by the Seller of seed businesses, other than sunflower seed businesses, and animal food businesses other than bird food businesses, (iii) any action taken by the Seller or any of its Affiliates pursuant to this Agreement or the License Agreement, or (iv) any action taken by the Seller of any of its Affiliates or by any third party at the direction of the Seller in connection with discharging its obligations under any Contracts guarantees (including guarantees of performance under contacts or Agreements), assumption of obligations, letters of credit or other similar arrangements, including surety and performance bonds, in effect at the Closing Date and not included in the Assumed Liabilities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Seller may enter into a merger, acquisition, joint venture or other business combination with another entity so long as (a) the objective of the transaction is not to serve the sunflower seed market and (b) serving the sunflower seed market is not a primary element of the other entity's business or, if that service is such an element, the Seller and its personnel will have no involvement with that element of the combined business. 4.8 Telmark Lease. At Closing, the Seller will prepay any amounts ------------- owing under the Telmark Lease. ARTICLE V COVENANTS OF THE PURCHASER -------------------------- The Purchaser hereby covenants and agrees with the Seller that: 5.1 Fulfillment of Conditions Precedent. The Purchaser shall use ------------------------------------- commercially reasonable efforts to obtain by September 16, 2002 (or if such date is not practicable, as soon thereafter as is practicable) and at its expense all such waivers, Permits, consents, approvals or other authorizations from third parties and Authorities required on its part in connection with, and to do all things as may be necessary or desirable to fulfill the conditions to, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 5.2 Confidentiality. The Purchaser confirms and agrees that, with --------------- respect to any information directly or indirectly furnished by or on behalf of the Seller, whether before, on or after the date of hereof, the Purchaser shall continue to be bound by the terms of that certain Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2002, by and between the Purchaser and the Seller until the Closing. 19 5.3 License Agreement. The Purchaser shall enter into and deliver ----------------- at Closing the License Agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit 7.7 hereto. ----------- 5.4 Employees; Employee Benefit Matters. ------------------------------------ (a) With respect to each Business Employee who is employed in connection with the Business immediately before the Closing Date, including any employee who is absent from work by reason of vacation, the Purchaser agrees that as of and immediately after the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall employ such Business Employee in a position that is reasonably comparable to that held with the Seller as disclosed to the Purchaser in the Data Book Information dated July 2002 and that does not result in a significant change in compensation (excluding any retention or other bonus plan payments) or work location. With respect to each Business Employee who is absent from work on the Closing Date by reason of approved leave of absence, short-term disability, or workers' compensation, the Purchaser agrees that when each such Business Employee is available to return to work, fit for duty, within one (1) year after the Closing Date the Purchaser shall offer to employ such Business Employee in a position that is reasonably comparable to that held with the Seller as disclosed to the Purchaser in the Data Book Information dated July 2002 and that does not result in a significant change in compensation (excluding any retention or other bonus plan payments) or work location. The Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless the Seller and be responsible for any Claims made by any Business Employees for severance or other benefits based on separation, for any Claims based on breach of contract, and for any other Claims arising out of or in connection with the employment, or the suspension or termination of employment of, any employees, other than any claims related to the Seller's actions before the Closing Date or based solely on the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. (b) On and after the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall credit to each Business Employee the service of such employee with the Seller through the Closing Date to the same extent as if such service had been performed for the Purchaser (i) for all purposes in connection with determining such employee's eligibility for and vesting in all Plans, programs, and arrangements for which such employee is otherwise eligible, including but not limited to, as applicable, the Purchaser's Pension Plan, 401(k) Plan, severance, and sick days, and (ii) for purposes of determining the amount of such employee's benefit under the Purchaser's severance plan. For purposes of the Purchaser's vacation policy, the Purchaser shall credit each Business Employee with no less than the number of years of service necessary to ensure that (i) each Business Employee has the same number of annual vacation days for 2002 (taking into account days used by each Business Employee while employed by the Seller) under the Purchaser's vacation policy as under the Seller's vacation policy, and (ii) each Business Employee does not require a greater number of years of service to reach the next higher increment of vacation days under the Purchaser's vacation policy than would have been required under the Seller's vacation policy. Vacation earned by Business Employees in 2001 to be taken in 2002, and which is unused as of the Closing Date, shall be assumed by the Purchaser provided that: (i) the Seller shall pay the Purchaser an amount equal to the value of such unused vacation on the Closing Date, and (ii) the Purchaser shall pay any Business Employee who terminates employment with Purchaser in 2002 for any reason an amount equal to the value of such Business Employee's unused vacation for 2002. The Purchaser 20  shall have no obligation to pay to any Business Employees any of the value of any vacation accrued in 2002 that is not available for use in that year. Furthermore, the Purchaser shall waive or cause to be waived, except to the extent such waiver is prohibited by applicable Law, any waiting period, probationary period, pre-existing condition exclusion, evidence of insurability requirement, or similar condition with respect to initial participation under any Plan, program, or arrangement of the Purchaser to provide health coverage, life insurance, disability benefits, or other similar welfare benefits with respect to each Business Employee who has satisfied the comparable requirements under the Seller's comparable Plans before the Closing Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Business Employees employed by the Purchaser shall not be eligible for medical benefits with the Purchaser until October 1, 2002. On and after the Closing Date and until September 30, 2002, the Seller shall continue to provide medical coverage under the Agway Inc. Medical/Dental Plan to Business Employees who were participating in such plan as of the Closing Date. (c) Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Section 5.4, the Seller shall retain liability for all salary and other compensation and benefits of any kind due to any Business Employee arising out of employment by the Seller before the Closing Date, and the Purchaser shall assume liability for all salary and other compensation and benefits of any kind earned on or after the Closing Date by any Business Employee arising out of employment by the Purchaser. 5.5 Signage. Upon expiration of its right to use any name or ------- trademark pursuant to the License Agreement, the Purchaser shall discontinue the use of such name or trademark on any stationery, purchase order forms, packaging or other similar paper goods or supplies, or advertising and promotional materials, product, training and service literature and materials, or computer programs or like materials and shall remove all signage containing such name or trademark. ARTICLE VI OTHER AGREEMENTS ---------------- The parties further agree as follows: 6.1 Agreement to Defend. In the event any action, suit, proceeding or ------------------- investigation of the nature specified in Section 7.5 or Section 8.3 hereof is commenced, whether before or after the Closing Date, the parties hereto agree to cooperate and use their commercially reasonable efforts to defend against and respond thereto. 6.2 Cooperation. Subject to the terms and conditions of this ----------- Agreement, the parties hereto shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all action, and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable Laws and Orders to consummate and make effective, by September 16, 2002, (or, if such date is not practicable, as soon thereafter as is practicable) the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and to cooperate with each other in connection with the foregoing, including without limitation using all reasonable efforts (a) to obtain all 21  necessary waivers, consents, and approvals from other parties to loan agreements, leases, mortgages and other Contracts, (b) to obtain all necessary Permits, consents, approvals and authorizations as are required to be obtained under any Law, (c) to lift or rescind any injunction or restraining order or other Order adversely affecting the ability of the parties to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, (d) to effect all necessary registrations and filings and submissions of information requested by Authorities, and (e) to fulfill all conditions to the obligations of the parties under this Agreement. Each of the Purchaser and the Seller further covenants and agrees that it shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent, with respect to a threatened or pending preliminary or permanent injunction or other Law or Order, the entry, enactment or promulgation thereof, as the case may be. 6.3 Deliveries After Closing. From time to time after the Closing, ------------------------ at the Purchaser's request and without further consideration from the Purchaser, the Seller shall execute and deliver such other instruments of conveyance and transfer and take such other action as the Purchaser reasonably may require to convey, transfer to and vest in the Purchaser and to put the Purchaser in possession of the Acquired Assets. 6.4 Public Announcements. Neither the Seller nor the Purchaser, nor -------------------- any Affiliate, representative or shareholder of either of such persons, shall disclose any of the terms of this Agreement to any third party without the other party's prior written consent. The form, content and timing of all press releases, public announcements or publicity statements with respect to this Agreement and transactions contemplated hereby shall be subject to the prior approval of both the Seller and the Purchaser, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. No press releases, public announcements or publicity statements shall be released by either party without such prior mutual agreement. The provisions of this Section 6.4 shall be subject to any contrary requirement of any Law or Order, including, without limitation, the federal securities laws of the United States. 6.5. Allocation; Tax Matters. ----------------------- (a) The Seller and the Purchaser agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to enter into an agreement (the "Allocation Agreement") as soon as practicable (but in any event no later than 150 days after the Closing Date) to allocate the Purchase Price, the Assumed Liabilities, and all other capitalizable costs among the Acquired Assets and the Seller's agreement under Section 4.7 for all applicable Tax purposes, including Code Section 1060. The Purchaser shall initially prepare a statement setting forth a proposed computation and allocation of the aggregate purchase price (the "Computation"), and submit it to the Seller no later than 60 days after the Closing Date. If, within 30 days of the Seller's receipt of the Computation, the Seller shall not have objected in writing to such Computation, the Computation shall become the Allocation Agreement. If such objection shall be made within such period, and within 60 days after the Seller's receipt of the Computation the Seller and the Purchaser have not adopted an Allocation Agreement, any disputed aspects of the Allocation Agreement shall be resolved within 90 days of the Seller's receipt of the Computation by the Independent Accountant, which shall resolve such dispute pursuant to, first, the terms of this Agreement and, second, the application of applicable Tax laws to the relevant facts. 22  (b) After the Closing, from time to time, the Purchaser and the Seller shall agree upon revisions to the Allocation Agreement to reflect any adjustments to the consideration. The Purchaser and the Seller shall file and cause to be filed all Tax Returns and execute such other documents as may be required by any Taxing Authority, in a manner consistent with the Allocation Agreement, as it may be revised from time to time. The Seller shall prepare Internal Revenue Service Form 8594 (or any successor form) pursuant to Code Section 1060 relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based on the Allocation Agreement, as it may be revised from time to time, and deliver such form to the Purchaser. The Purchaser and the Seller shall file, or cause the filing of, such form and each comparable form with each relevant Taxing Authority. Any dispute under this provision shall be resolved by the Independent Accountant within 30 days of the submission of such dispute. (c) Irrespective of Article XI or any other provision hereof, the Purchaser shall bear and be liable for, and shall indemnify the Seller against, all title insurance premiums, and sales and use Taxes incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. Irrespective of Article XI or any other provision hereof, the Seller shall bear and be liable for, and shall indemnify the Purchaser against abstracting and title insurance commitment costs, all transfer, documentary, registration, stamp, value-added and other similar Taxes (including all applicable real estate transfer Taxes and real property gains Taxes), incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. The Seller and the Purchaser shall cooperate in timely making and filing all Tax Returns as may be required to comply with the provisions of any Tax laws applicable to the transfer of the Acquired Assets, and each of the Seller and the Purchaser shall timely pay any Taxes for which it is responsible under this Section 6.5(c) or, in the case of any such Taxes paid by the other party hereto, timely indemnify such other party against such Taxes. Any dispute under this provision shall be resolved by the Independent Accountant within 30 days of the submission of such dispute. (d) At the Closing, the Seller shall deliver to the Purchaser duly executed certificates certifying that the transactions contemplated hereby are exempt from withholding under Section 1445 of the Code. (e) The Seller shall timely file or cause to be filed (i) the United States consolidated federal income Tax Returns of the Seller and (ii) all other Tax Returns with respect to the Acquired Assets or the income or operations of the Business required to be filed (including any extensions) on or prior to the Closing Date or with respect to any Pre-Closing Tax Period. The Seller shall pay or cause to be paid all Taxes due on or with respect to such Tax Returns or the taxable periods or events covered thereby. The Purchaser shall prepare all Tax Returns with respect to the Acquired Assets or the income and operations of the Business due after the Closing Date except for Tax Returns due with respect to a Pre-Closing Tax Period; provided that if such Tax Returns cover a Straddle Period and the Seller is liable for any Taxes shown as due on such Tax Returns pursuant to the terms of this Section 6.5(e), the Purchaser shall submit such Tax Returns to the Seller for review and comment no later than thirty (30) days prior to the date such Tax Returns are required to be filed (including extensions). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 1.2, the Purchaser shall timely pay all Taxes shown as due on such Tax Returns. Except to the extent paid or adjusted on the closing statement pursuant to Section 1.6(d), the Seller shall remit to the Purchaser at least two (2) days prior to the due 23  date of any Tax Returns relating to any Straddle Period relating to the Acquired Assets its pro rata share (calculated on a per diem basis as of the Closing Date) of any Taxes shown as due on such Tax Returns. Any dispute under this provision shall be resolved by the Independent Accountant within 30 days of the submission of such dispute. (f) The Seller and the Purchaser shall each provide the other with such assistance as may be reasonably requested (including making employees reasonably available to provide information or testimony) in connection with the preparation of any Tax Return or the determination of liability for Taxes with respect to the Acquired Assets or the income or operations of the Business, in each case as contemplated by this Agreement. (g) Any decision of the Independent Accountant under this Section 6.5 shall be final, and the costs, expenses and fees of the Independent Accountant shall be borne equally by the Seller and the Purchaser. (h) The obligations of the parties pursuant to this Section 6.5 shall survive indefinitely. 6.6. Certain Information. After the Closing, upon reasonable written ------------------- notice, the Purchaser and the Seller shall furnish or cause to be furnished to each other and their respective accountants, counsel and other representatives access, during normal business hours, to such information (including records pertinent to the Business), personnel and assistance relating to the Business as is reasonably necessary for financial reporting and accounting matters, the preparation and filing of any returns, reports or forms or the defense of, prosecution of, or response required under, or pursuant to, any lawsuit, action or proceeding (including any proceeding involving the Seller, the Purchaser, any Excluded Assets, any Excluded Liabilities, or any environmental matters related to the Acquired Assets) or in order to enable the parties to comply or monitor compliance (including with respect to Purchaser's obligations in respect of the Assumed Liabilities) with their respective obligations under this Agreement. The Purchaser and the Seller shall also furnish or cause to be furnished to each other and their respective accountants, counsel and other representatives access, during normal business hours, to such information for any other reasonable business purpose. 6.7 Collection of Excluded Accounts Receivable; Reassignment of ---------------------------------------------------------------- Puttable Receivables. - -------------------- (a) For a period of 180 days after the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall assist the Seller, without charge, in the collection of all Excluded Receivables, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to collect all Puttable Receivables, provided that in either case the Purchaser shall not be required to initiate any legal proceedings or incur any expenses for outside attorneys or collection agencies in connection with such collection. (b) The Purchaser shall apply all collections on Assigned Receivables and Excluded Receivables from a given customer to the oldest outstanding invoice to that customer, unless (i) the customer specifically directs application to a different invoice or (ii) the customer is disputing such oldest invoice and application of the payment to the oldest invoice would be inconsistent with the position of the customer in such dispute. The Purchaser will hold for the Seller all collections received by it in respect of Excluded 24  Receivables pursuant to this Section 6.7, and shall pay such collections over to the Purchaser within three (3) business days after receipt, whether or not such collections are received during the 180-day period after the Closing Date. (c) On the date that is 180 days after the Closing Date, the Purchaser may, by notice to the Seller, require the Seller to repurchase the uncollected portion of all Puttable Receivables at a purchase price equal the uncollected balance thereof plus interest at 9 percent per annum from the Closing Date to the date of purchase. The Seller shall effect such repurchase within ten (10) days of receipt of such notice. 6.8 Transitional Home Office. The Seller shall provide to the ------------------------- Purchaser, for the benefit of Pamela Collins, her current office furniture (or comparable) and desktop computer. In addition, the Seller shall keep her existing telephone line and number active for a period of up to sixty (60) days from the Closing. ARTICLE VII CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE PURCHASER ---------------------------------------------- Each and every obligation of the Purchaser under this Agreement shall be subject to the satisfaction, on or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions unless waived in writing by the Purchaser: 7.1 Representations and Warranties; Performance. The representations ------------------------------------------- and warranties of the Seller set forth in this Agreement (determined without regard to any materiality qualification or exception in any representation or warranty) shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement and, except for those made as of a particular date, as of the Closing as though made at and as of the Closing, except in each case for such failures or representations and warranties to be true and correct (i) as the result of changes permitted or contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Purchaser shall have received a certificate signed by an authorized officer of the Seller to such effect certifying to the foregoing. 7.2 Consent of Senior Lenders. The Seller shall have obtained the ------------------------- consent of the Senior Lenders to the sale of the Business to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement and the release of the Senior Lender Liens. 7.3 Opinion of the Seller's Counsel. The Purchaser shall have ----------------------------------- received an opinion of the Seller's counsel, dated the Closing Date, in the form of Exhibit 7.3 hereto. 7.4 No Material Adverse Change. There shall have been no Material -------------------------- Adverse Change since the date of this Agreement. 7.5 No Proceeding or Litigation. No preliminary or permanent ------------------------------ injunction or other Order issued by a court of competent jurisdiction or by any Authority, or any Law or Order promulgated or enacted by any Authority shall be 25  in effect, which would prevent the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 7.6 Secretary's Certificate. The Purchaser shall have received a ----------------------- certificate, by the secretary of the Seller, as to the charter and bylaws of the Seller, the resolutions adopted by the directors of the Seller in connection with this Agreement and the incumbency of certain officers of the Seller. 7.7 License Agreement. The Seller shall have executed the License ----------------- Agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit 7.7 hereto. ----------- 7.8 Other Documents. The Seller shall have furnished the Purchaser ---------------- with such other and further documents and certificates, including certificates of the Seller's officers and others, as the Purchaser shall reasonably request to evidence compliance with the conditions set forth in this Agreement. 7.9 Title Policies. The Purchaser shall have received from Chicago -------------- Title Insurance Company (the "Title Company"), at the Seller's sole cost and expense, a commitment for an owner's title insurance policy (ALTA Owner's Form 1992) to be issued to the Purchaser with respect to each parcel of Real Property, together with endorsements reasonably requested by the Purchaser (including, without limitation, access, zoning, comprehensive, and contiguity endorsements to the extent available in the State), in an amount determined by the Purchaser and approved by Title Company, insuring the Purchaser and issued as of the Closing Date by the Title Company, showing the Purchaser to have marketable title to each such parcel of Real Property, in each case free and clear of all Liens except for the Permitted Liens. The Seller shall be solely liable for payment of all title insurance charges and fees excluding premiums, inclusive of any additional premiums attributable to requested and/or required endorsements. The Purchaser shall be solely responsible for all title insurance premiums. The Seller shall have delivered to the Title Company an Owner's Affidavit for each parcel of Real Property in form and substance satisfactory to the Seller and the Title Company. ARTICLE VIII CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE SELLER ------------------------------------------- Each and every obligation of the Seller under this Agreement shall be subject to the satisfaction, on or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions unless waived in writing by the Seller: 8.1 Representations and Warranties; Performance. The representations ------------------------------------------- and warranties of the Purchaser set forth in this Agreement (determined without regard to any materiality qualification or exception in any representation or warranty) shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and, except for those made as of a particular date, as of the Closing as though made at and as of the Closing, except in each case for such failures or representations and warranties to be true and correct as the result of changes permitted or contemplated by this Agreement. The Seller shall have 26  received a certificate signed by an authorized officer of the Seller to such effect certifying to the foregoing. 8.2 Consent of Senior Lenders. The Seller shall have obtained the ------------------------- consent of the Senior Lenders to the sale of the Business to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement and the release of the Senior Lender Liens. 8.3 No Proceeding or Litigation. No preliminary or permanent ------------------------------- injunction or other Order issued by a court of competent jurisdiction or by any Authority, or any Law or executive order promulgated or enacted by any Authority shall be in effect, which would prevent the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 8.4 Secretary's Certificate. The Seller shall have received a ------------------------- certificate by the assistant secretary of the Purchaser, as to the charter and bylaws of the Purchaser, the resolutions adopted by the directors of the Purchaser in connection with this Agreement, and the incumbency of certain officers of the Purchaser. 8.5 License Agreement. The Purchaser shall have executed the License ----------------- Agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit 7.7 hereto. 8.6 Opinion of the Purchaser's Counsel. The Seller shall have -------------------------------------- received an opinion of the Purchaser's counsel dated the Closing Date, in the form of Exhibit 8.6 hereto. 8.7 Other Documents. The Purchaser shall have furnished the Seller ---------------- with such other and further documents and certificates, including certificates of the Purchaser's officers and others, as the Seller shall reasonably request to evidence compliance with the conditions set forth in the Agreement. ARTICLE IX CLOSING ------- 9.1 Closing. Unless this Agreement shall have been terminated or ------- abandoned pursuant to the provisions of Article X hereof, a closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the "Closing") shall be held on September 16, 2002, or, if later, the date that is three (3) business days after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent set forth in Articles VII and VIII, or on such other date as the parties may agree. The Closing shall take place in the offices of Sutherland Asbill & Brennan, LLP, 1275 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Washington, DC 20004. 27  ARTICLE X TERMINATION AND ABANDONMENT --------------------------- 10.1 Methods of Termination. This Agreement may be terminated and ---------------------- the transactions here in contemplated may be abandoned at any time: (a) by mutual consent of the Purchaser and the Seller; or (b) by the Purchaser or the Seller if this Agreement is not consummated on or before September 30, 2002; provided that if such non-consummation of this Agreement results from a breach or default by a party with respect to its respective obligations under this Agreement on or before such date, such party may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.1(b), and the other party to this Agreement may at its option enforce its rights against such breaching or defaulting party and seek any remedies against such party, in either case as provided hereunder and by applicable Law. 10.2 Procedure Upon and Effects of Termination. ----------------------------------------- (a) In the event of termination and abandonment pursuant to Section 10.1 hereof, and subject to the proviso contained in Section 10.1(b), this Agreement shall terminate and shall be abandoned, without further action by any of the parties hereto. If this Agreement is terminated as provided herein, each party shall redeliver all documents and other material of any other party relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, whether obtained before or after the execution hereof, to the party furnishing the same. (b) In the event of a termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 10.1, this Agreement shall become null and void and of no further force or effect, and no Person shall have any liability in respect hereof or of the transactions contemplated hereby, except (i) with respect to any willful and material breach of any covenant contained in this Agreement by such Person prior to such termination and (ii) that the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement and the provisions of Section 12.14 and ARTICLE X shall survive such termination and shall remain in full force and effect. ARTICLE XI INDEMNIFICATION; REMEDIES ------------------------- 11.1. Survival. Subject to Section 11.5 below, all representations, -------- warranties, covenants, and obligations in this Agreement will survive the Closing. 11.2. Indemnification and Payment of Damages by the Seller. The Seller ---------------------------------------------------- will indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser and its officers, directors, stockholders, controlling persons, and Affiliates (collectively, the "Purchaser Indemnified Persons") for, and will pay to the Purchaser Indemnified Persons the amount of, any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense (including reasonable costs of investigation and defense and reasonable attorneys' fees), whether or 28  not involving a third-party claim (collectively, "Damages"), arising from: (a) any breach of any representation or warranty made by the Seller in this Agreement or in any certificate delivered by the Seller pursuant to this Agreement, (b) any breach by the Seller of any covenant or obligation of the Seller in this Agreement, (c) any claim by any Person for brokerage or finder's fees or commissions or similar payments based upon any agreement or understanding alleged to have been made by any such Person with the Seller (or any Person acting on their behalf) in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (d) any Excluded Liabilities. 11.3. Indemnification and Payment of Damages By the Purchaser. The ---------------------------------------------------------- Purchaser will indemnify and hold harmless the Seller and its officers, directors, stockholders, controlling persons, and affiliates (collectively, the "Seller Indemnified Persons" and, together with the Purchaser Indemnified Persons, "Indemnified Persons"), and will pay to the Seller Indemnified Persons the amount of any Damages arising from: (a) any breach of any representation or warranty made by the Purchaser in this Agreement or in any certificate delivered by the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, (b) any breach by the Purchaser of any covenant or obligation of the Purchaser in this Agreement, (c) any claim by any Person for brokerage or finder's fees or commissions or similar payments based upon any agreement or understanding alleged to have been made by such Person with the Purchaser (or any Person acting on its behalf) in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (d) any Assumed Liabilities, or (e) the operation of the Business or the Acquired Assets, or any actions or omissions of the Purchaser, its Affiliates, agents, contractors or subcontractors in connection therewith, after the Closing. 11.4. Exclusive Remedy. If the Closing occurs, the remedies provided ---------------- in Sections 11.2 and 11.3 will be the exclusive remedies available to the Purchaser, the Seller, and all other Indemnified Persons. Notwithstanding any provision of this Article XI or any other provision of this Agreement, any issue or matter relating to indemnification for Taxes or Damages relating thereto shall be governed solely by Section 6.5. 11.5. Time Limitations. If the Closing occurs, neither the Seller nor ---------------- the Purchaser will have any liability (for indemnification or otherwise) with respect to any representation or warranty, or any covenant or obligation to be performed and complied with on or prior to the Closing Date, unless on or before the date that is two (2) years from the Closing Date, except for indemnity for a breach of the representations and warranties contained in sections 2.8(a), 2.11 and 2.14 in which case such period shall be seven (7) years from the Closing Date, the Purchaser or the Seller, as the case may be, notifies the other of a claim specifying the factual basis of that claim in reasonable detail to the extent then known by the person providing such notice. 11.6. Limitations on Amount - the Seller. The Seller will have no ------------------------------------ liability (for indemnification or otherwise) with respect to the matters described in clause (a) of Section 11.2 or, to the extent relating to any failure to perform or comply prior to the Closing Date (determined without regard to any materiality qualification or exception in any representation or warranty), clause (b) of Section 11.2 until the total of all Damages with respect to such matters exceeds $100,000 and then only for the amount by which such Damages exceed $100,000; provided, however, this Section 11.6 will not apply to any intentional breach by the Seller of any covenant or obligation, and the Seller will be liable for all Damages with respect to such breaches; and 29  provided further, that in no event shall the Seller's obligations under this Article XI exceed $8,500,000. 11.7. Limitation on Amount- the Purchaser. The Purchaser will have no ----------------------------------- liability (for indemnification or otherwise) with respect to the matters described in clause (a) of Section 11.3 or, to the extent relating to any failure to perform or comply prior to the Closing Date, clause (b) of Section 11.3 until the total of all Damages with respect to such matters exceeds $100,000, and then only for the amount by which such Damages exceeds $100,000; provided, however, that this Section 11.7 will not apply to any intentional breach by the Purchaser of any covenant or obligation, and the Purchaser will be liable for all Damages with respect to such breaches; and provided further, that in no event shall the Purchaser's obligations under this Article XI exceed $8,500,000. 11.8. Procedure for Indemnification - Third Party Claims. -------------------------------------------------- (a) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person under Section 11.2 or Section 11.3 of notice of the commencement of any Proceeding against it, such Indemnified Person will, if a claim is to be made against an indemnifying party under such Section, give notice to the indemnifying party of the commencement of such claim, but the failure to notify the indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party of any liability that it may have to any Indemnified Person, except to the extent that the indemnifying party demonstrates that the defense of such action is prejudiced by the Indemnified Person's failure to give such notice. (b) If any Proceeding referred to in Section 11.8(a) is brought against an Indemnified Person and it gives notice to the indemnifying party of the commencement of such Proceeding, the indemnifying party will, unless the claim involves Taxes, be entitled to participate in such Proceeding and (unless the indemnifying party is also a party to such Proceeding and the Indemnified Person determines in good faith that joint representation would be inappropriate), to assume the defense of such Proceeding. After notice from the indemnifying party to the Indemnified Person of its election to assume the defense of such Proceeding, the indemnifying party will not, as long as it diligently conducts such defense, be liable to the Indemnified Person under this Article XI for any fees of other counsel or any other expenses with respect to the defense of such Proceeding, in each case subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Person in connection with the defense of such Proceeding, other than reasonable costs of investigation. If the indemnifying party assumes the defense of a Proceeding, (i) it will be conclusively established for purposes of this Agreement that the claims made in that Proceeding are within the scope of and subject to indemnification; (ii) no compromise or settlement of such claims may be effected by the indemnifying party without the Indemnified Person's consent unless (A) there is no finding or admission of any violation of any Law or Order or any violation of the rights of any Person and no effect on any other claims that may be made against the Indemnified Person, and (B) the sole relief provided is monetary damages that are paid in full by the indemnifying party; and (iii) the Indemnified Person will have no liability with respect to any compromise or settlement of such claims effected without its consent. If notice is given to an indemnifying party of the commencement of any Proceeding and the indemnifying party does not, within ten days after the Indemnified Person's notice is given, give notice to the Indemnified Person of its election to assume the defense of such Proceeding, the indemnifying party will be bound by any determination made in such Proceeding; provided, however, that the Indemnified 30  Person may not, without the written consent of the indemnifying party, consent to any compromise or settlement of the Proceeding. 11.9. Procedure for Indemnification - Other Claims. A claim for --------------------------------------------- indemnification for any matter not involving a third-party claim may be asserted by notice to the party from whom indemnification is sought. ARTICLE XII MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS -------------------------- 12.1 Amendment and Modification. Subject to applicable Law, this -------------------------- Agreement may be amended, modified and supplemented only by written agreement of the parties hereto. 12.2 Waiver of Compliance; Consents. Any failure of any party hereto ------------------------------ to comply with any obligation, covenant, agreement or condition herein may be waived in writing by the other parties hereto, but such waiver or failure to insist upon strict compliance with such obligation, covenant, agreement or condition shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent or other failure. Whenever this Agreement requires or permits consent by or on behalf of any party hereto, such consent shall be given in writing. 12.3 Certain Definitions. ------------------- "Adjustment Statement" shall have the meaning set forth in --------------------- Section 1.5(b). "Affiliate" means, with regard to any Person, (a) any Person, --------- directly or indirectly, controlled by, under common control of, or controlling such Person, (b) any Person, directly or indirectly, in which such Person holds, of record or beneficially, five percent or more of the equity or voting securities, (c) any Person that holds, of record or beneficially, five percent or more of the equity or voting securities of such Person, (d) any Person that, through Contract, relationship or otherwise, exerts a substantial influence on the management of such Person's affairs, (e) any Person that, through Contract, relationship or otherwise, is influenced substantially in the management of their affairs by such Person, or (f) any director, officer, partner or individual holding a similar position in respect of such Person. "Allocation Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in --------------------- Section 6.5(a). "Assigned Contract" means (i) all Contracts in effect on the ------------------ Closing Date relating to the purchase or sale of inventory, (ii) all Contracts listed on Schedule 1.1(d) of the Disclosure Schedule, and (iii) all Contracts in effect on the Closing Date and entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and providing for payments by the Seller of not more than $25,000 per annum, provided that the Contracts included in Assigned Contracts pursuant to this clause (iii) may not provide for payments by the Seller in excess of $100,000 in the aggregate; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, "Assigned Contract" shall not include the Contracts listed on Schedule 1.1(d)(i) of the Disclosure Schedule. 31  "Assigned Receivables" means (i) all grower accounts ----------------------- receivable exclusively relating to the Business and secured by Liens, (ii) all other accounts receivable exclusively relating to the Business that are as of the Closing Date not past due as determined in accordance with the contract terms giving rise to such account receivable and (iii) all accounts receivable exclusively relating to the Business that are not described in the preceding clause (i) or (ii) but that are designated as Assigned Receivables pursuant to Section 1.1.3. "Authority" means any federal, state, local or foreign --------- governmental, regulatory or administrative body, agency, commission, board, arbitrator or authority, any court or judicial authority, and any public, private or industry regulatory authority, whether international, national, federal, state or local. "Balance Sheet Date" shall have the meaning as set forth in -------------------- Section 2.4. "Business" shall have the meaning as set forth in the -------- Recitals. "Business Employee" means each employee who performs service ------------------- primarily in the Business as an employee of the Seller, including any employee who is absent from work by reason of vacation, approved leave of absence, short-term disability, or workers' compensation. "Claim" means any action, claim, lawsuit, demand, suit, ----- inquiry, hearing, investigation, notice of a violation, litigation, proceeding, arbitration, appeals or other dispute, whether civil, criminal, administrative or otherwise. "Closing" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.1. ------- "Closing Date" means the date the Closing occurs. ------------ "Closing Date Balance Sheet" shall have the meaning set forth --------------------------- in Section 1.5(a). "Closing Date Inventory Value" means the book value as of the ----------------------------- opening of business on the Closing Date of the inventory included in the Acquired Assets, determined in accordance with GAAP applied consistently with the preparation of the Financial Statements, minus $118,000. "Closing Date Net Current Asset Value" means the sum of the --------------------------------------- Closing Date Inventory Value and the Closing Date Receivables Value less the Closing Date Payables Value. "Closing Date Payables Value" means the book value as of the ----------------------------- opening of business on the Closing Date of the accounts payable included in the Assumed Liabilities, determined in accordance with GAAP applied consistently with the preparation of the Financial Statements. "Closing Date Receivables Value" means the book value as of --------------------------------- the opening of business on the Closing Date of the accounts receivable included in the Acquired Assets, determined in accordance with GAAP applied consistently with the preparation of the Financial Statements. 32  "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, ---- and the Laws thereunder. "Computation" shall have the meaning set forth in Section ----------- 6.5(a). "Contested Adjustments" shall have the meaning set forth in ---------------------- Section 1.5(b). "Contested Adjustment Notice" shall have the meaning set forth --------------------------- in Section 1.5(b). "Contract" means any agreement, contract, commitment, instrument -------- or other binding arrangement or understanding, whether written or oral, which primarily relates to the Business. "Current Asset Value Shortfall" means the amount, if any, by ------------------------------ which the final Closing Date Net Current Asset Value determined in accordance with Section 1.6 (if applicable) is less than the amount of the Closing Date Net Current Asset Value utilized in the determination of the amount of Purchase Price payable at Closing in accordance with Section 1.5. "Current Asset Value Surplus" means the amount, if any, by ----------------------------- which the Closing Date Net Current Asset Value determined in accordance with Section 1.6 (if applicaple) exceeds the amount of the Closing Date Net Current Asset Value utilized in the determination of the amount of Purchase Price payable at Closing in accordance with Section 1.5. "Damages" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.2. ------- "Disclosure Schedule" shall have the meaning provided in the -------------------- lead-in to Article II. "Environmental Claims" means any and all administrative, ---------------------- regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigations or proceedings relating in any way to any Environmental Law or any permit issued under any such Environmental Law (for purposes of this definition, "Claims") including, without limitation (i) any and all of the foregoing by governmental or regulatory authorities for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other actions or damages pursuant to any applicable Environmental Law and (ii) any and all of the foregoing, by any third party seeking damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief resulting from Hazardous Materials or arising from alleged injury or threat of injury to health, safety or the environment. "Environmental Law" means any Law, Order, settlement agreement ----------------- or Authority requirement, which relates to or otherwise imposes liability or standards of conduct concerning mining or reclamation of mined land, discharges, emissions, releases or threatened releases of noises, odors or any pollutants, contaminants or hazardous or toxic wastes, substances or materials, whether as matter or energy, into ambient air, water, or land, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, generation, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, cleanup, transport or handling of pollutants, contaminants, or hazardous wastes, substances or materials, including (but not limited to and as may be amended) the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and 33 Liability Act, the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, as amended, the Hazardous Material Transportation Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended, the Toxic Substances Control Act, as amended, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, any so-called "Superlien" law, all as now or hereafter amended or supplemented, and the Laws promulgated thereunder, and any other similar Federal, state or local statutes. "Environmental Permit" means Permits, certificates, approvals, --------------------- licenses and other authorizations relating to or required by Environmental Law and necessary or desirable for the Business. "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of ----- 1974 or any successor law, and regulations and rules issued pursuant to the Act or any successor law. "ERISA Affiliate" means any trade or business, whether or not --------------- incorporated, that together with the Seller would be deemed a "single employer" within the meaning of Section 4001(b)(i) of ERISA. "Excluded Receivables" means all accounts receivable relating --------------------- exclusively to the Business that are not Assigned Receivables. "Financial Statements" shall have the meaning as set forth in --------------------- Section 2.4. "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles, ---- consistently applied, as in existence at the date hereof. "Guarantee" means any guarantee or other contingent liability --------- (other than any endorsement for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business), direct or indirect with respect to any obligations of another Person, through an agreement or otherwise, including, without limitation, (a) any endorsement or discount with recourse or undertaking substantially equivalent to or having economic effect similar to a guarantee in respect of any such obligations and (b) any Contract (i) to purchase, or to advance or supply funds for the payment or purchase of, any such obligations, (ii) to purchase, sell or lease property, products, materials or supplies, or transportation or services, in respect of enabling such other Person to pay any such obligation or to assure the owner thereof against loss regardless of the delivery or nondelivery of the property, products, materials or supplies or transportation or services or (iii) to make any loan, advance or capital contribution to or other investment in, or to otherwise provide funds to or for, such other Person in respect of enabling such Person to satisfy an obligation (including any liability for a dividend, stock liquidation payment or expense) or to assure a minimum equity, working capital or other balance sheet condition in respect of any such obligation. "Hazardous Materials" means (i) any petroleum or petroleum -------------------- products, radioactive materials, asbestos in any form that is or could become friable, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, transformers or other equipment that contain dielectric fluid containing levels of polychlorinated biphenyls, and radon gas; (ii) any chemicals, materials or substances defined as or included in the definition of "hazardous substances," "hazardous wastes," "hazardous materials," "extremely hazardous wastes," "restricted hazardous wastes," "toxic substances," "toxic pollutants," or words of similar import, under any applicable Environmental Law; and (iii) any other chemical, material or substance, exposure to which is prohibited, limited or regulated by any governmental authority. 34 "Improvements" shall have the meaning set forth in Section ------------ 2.14(c). "Income Tax" means any Tax on or determined by reference to ----------- gross or net income and all interest, fines and penalties imposed with respect to any such Tax. "Indebtedness" with respect to any Person means any obligation ------------ of such Person for borrowed money, but in any event shall include (a) any obligation or liabilities incurred for all or any part of the purchase price of property or other assets or for the cost of property or other assets constructed or of improvements thereto, other than accounts payable included in current liabilities and incurred in respect of property purchased in the ordinary course of business, (whether or not such Person has assumed or become liable for the payment of such obligation) (whether accrued, absolute, contingent, unliquidated or otherwise, known or unknown, whether due or to become due), (b) the face amount of all letters of credit issued for the account of such Person and all drafts drawn thereunder, (c) capitalized lease obligations, and (d) all Guarantees of such Person. "Indemnified Persons" shall have the meaning set forth in -------------------- Section 11.3. "Independent Accountant" shall have the meaning set forth in ----------------------- Section 1.6(b). "Knowledge" means, with respect to a particular fact or other --------- matter, actual awareness of such fact or other matter on the part of one of the individuals named in Section 12.2(a) of the Disclosure Schedule. "Law" means, as to any Person, any foreign or United States --- federal, state or local law, statute, code, ordinance, regulation, order, writ, injunction, decision, directive, judgment or decree (or judicial or administrative interpretations thereof having the force of law which are not subject to appeal or challenge) applicable to such Person and to the businesses and assets thereof. "Liability Policies" means insurance Contracts or policies ------------------- applicable to the Seller and the Subsidiaries including workers' compensation, general liability, property or other insurance policy that relate to liability or excess liability insurance including the name of the insurer, the types, dates and amounts of coverages, and any material coverage exclusions. "License Agreement" means that certain license agreement -------------------- entered into by the Seller and the Purchaser pursuant to Sections 4.5 and 5.3 hereof, by which the Seller grants the Purchaser certain trademark rights. "Lien" means any security interest, lien, mortgage, pledge, ------ hypothecation, encumbrance, Claim, easement, charge, restriction on transfer or otherwise, or interest of another Person of any kind or nature. 35  "Material Adverse Change" means any developments or changes ----------------------- which would have a Material Adverse Effect. "Material Adverse Effect" means any circumstances, state of ------------------------ facts or matters which might reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect in respect of the Business' operations, properties, assets, condition (financial or otherwise) or results. "Material Contract" shall have the meaning set forth in ------------------- Section 2.7. "Multi-Employer Plan" shall have the meaning set forth in -------------------- Section 3(37)(A) of ERISA. "Occurrence" means any accident, happening or event which ----------- occurs or has occurred at any time prior to the Closing Date that is caused or allegedly caused by any hazard, defect, action or inaction including, without limitation, any failure or alleged failure to warn or any breach or alleged breach of express or implied warranties or representations with respect to a product manufactured, shipped, sold or delivered by or on behalf of the Seller which results or is alleged to have resulted in injury or death to any person or damage to or destruction of property (including damage to or destruction of the product itself) or other consequential damages, at any time. "Order" means any decree, order, judgment, injunction, rule, ----- ruling, voting right or consent of or by an Authority. "Pension Plan" shall have the meaning set forth in Section ------------- 3(2)(A) of ERISA. "Permits" means all permits, licenses, registrations, ------- certificates, Orders or approvals from any Authority or other Person (including without limitation those relating to the occupancy or use of owned or leased real property) issued to or held by the Seller primarily relating to the Business. "Permitted Liens" means (i) Liens for Taxes not yet due and ---------------- payable, (ii) such imperfections or irregularities of title or Liens as do not materially detract from or interfere with the present use of the properties or assets subject thereto or affected thereby, otherwise impair present business operations at such properties, or do not detract from the value of such properties and assets, (iii) the rights of customers of the Business with respect to inventory or work in progress under orders or Contracts entered into by the Seller in the ordinary course of business, and (iv) Liens disclosed in Section 12.2(b) of the Disclosure Schedule. "Person" means any corporation, limited liability company, ------- partnership, joint venture, organization, entity, Authority or natural person. "Plan" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(3) of ---- ERISA. "Policies" means all insurance policies that insure (i) the -------- properties, plant and equipment of the Business for loss or damage, and (ii) the Seller or its officers, directors, employees or agents against any liabilities, 36  losses or damages (or lost profits) with respect to the Business for any reason or purpose. "Pre-Closing Tax Period" means any taxable period ending on or ---------------------- before the Closing Date. "Proceeding" means any action, arbitration, audit, hearing, ---------- investigation, litigation, or suit (whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative, or informal) commenced, brought, conducted, or heard by or before, or otherwise involving, any governmental Authority or arbitrator. "Property" means any real property and improvements owned -------- (directly, indirectly, or beneficially), leased, used, operated or occupied by the Seller and/or its Subsidiaries. "Proprietary Rights" means all (i) patents, patent -------------------- applications, patent disclosures and all related continuation, continuation- in-part, divisional, reissue, reexamination, utility, model, certificate of invention and design patents, patent applications, registrations and applications for registrations, (ii) trademarks, service marks, trade dress, logos, trade names and corporate names and registrations and applications for registration thereof, (iii) copyrights and registrations and applications for registration thereof, (iv) mask works and registrations and applications for registration thereof, (v) computer software, data and documentation, (vi) trade secrets and confidential business information, whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice, know-how, manufacturing and production processes and techniques, research and development information, copyrightable works, financial, marketing and business data, pricing and cost information, business and marketing plans and customer and supplier lists and information, (vii) other proprietary rights relating to any of the foregoing and (viii) copies and tangible embodiments thereof. "Purchase Price" shall have the meaning set forth in Section ---------------- 1.4. "Purchaser Indemnified Person" shall have the meaning set ------------------------------- forth in Section 11.2. "Puttable Receivables" means accounts receivable identified as ------------------- such in accordance with Section 1.1.3. "Real Property" shall have the meaning set forth in Section -------------- 1.1(a). "Seller Indemnified Person" shall have the meaning set forth --------------------------- in Section 11.3. "Senior Lenders" means the lenders which are parties to that --------------- certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2001, by and among the Seller, such lenders and the other parties listed therein. "Senior Lender Liens" means the liens granted in favor of the -------------------- lenders pursuant to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2001, by and among the Seller, such lenders and the other parties listed therein. 37  "Settlement Amount Certificate" shall have the meaning set ------------------------------- forth in Section 1.5(b). "Settlement Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section ---------------- 1.5(c). "Straddle Period" means any taxable period beginning on or ----------------- before the Closing Date and ending after the Closing Date. "Subsidiary" means any Person in which the Seller has (i) an ---------- ownership interest, (ii) advanced funds or provided financial accommodations to which, in each case, is secured by an ownership interest in or has an option to acquire an ownership interest in such Person. "Tax Returns" means federal, state, foreign and local Tax ------------ reports, returns, information returns and other documents. "Taxes" means any and all taxes, including without limitation ----- income, gross receipts, net proceeds, alternative or add-on minimum, ad valorem, value added, turnover, sales, use, property, personal property (tangible and intangible), stamp, leasing, lease, user, excise, duty, franchise, transfer, license, withholding, payroll, employment, foreign, fuel, excess profits, occupational and interest equalization, windfall profits, severance, and other taxes and governmental charges of any kind whatsoever (including interest and penalties thereon). "Taxing Authorities" means the United States Internal Revenue ------------------- Service and any other federal, state, or local authority that has the right to administer, collect, impose or assess Taxes. "Telmark Lease" refers to the transfer of all rights of Fleet -------------- Capital Corporation as lessor to Telmark LLC pursuant to that certain Master Lease Agreement (and any amendments thereto) entered into on June 25, 1997 by and between the Seller and Fleet Capital Corporation. "Title IV Plans" means all Pension Plans that are subject to --------------- Title IV of ERISA, 29 U.S.C. Section 1301 et seq., other than Multi-Employer Plans. "Title Company" shall have the meaning set forth in Section --------------- 7.11. 12.4 Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other -------- communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered by hand or mailed, first class certified mail with postage paid or by overnight receipted courier service or by facsimile (with proof of receipt): (a) If to the Seller, to: Agway Inc. 333 Butternut Drive Dewitt, NY 13215 Attn: Christopher W. Fox, Esq. ---- General Counsel Facsimile: (315) 449-6253 --------- 38  or to such other Person or address as the Seller shall furnish by notice to the Purchaser in writing. (b) If to the Purchaser, to: Cenex Harvest States Cooperatives 5500 Cenex Drive Inver Grove Heights, MN 55077 Attn: David Swenson Legal Department Facsimile: (651) 306-6932 --------- or to such other Person or address as the Purchaser shall furnish by notice to the Seller in writing. 12.5 Assignment. This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall ---------- be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, but neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties hereto without the prior written consent of the other parties. 12.6 Governing Law. The Agreement shall be governed by the internal ------------- laws of the State of New York as to all matters, including but not limited to matters of validity, construction, effect and performance. 12.7 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more ------------ counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 12.8 Headings. The article and section headings contained in this -------- Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 12.9 Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement, ---------------- including the schedules and exhibits hereto and the documents, certificates and instruments referred to herein, embodies the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements, representations, warranties, promises, covenants, arrangements, communications and understandings, oral or written, express or implied, between the parties with respect to such transactions. There are no agreements, representations, warranties, promises, covenants, arrangements or understandings between the parties with respect to such transactions, other than those expressly set forth or referred to herein. Except as provided in Article XI, this Agreement is not intended to confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto and their successors and permitted assigns any rights or remedies hereunder. 39  12.10 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall not be construed so as to --------------- confer any right or benefit upon any Person other than the signatories to this Agreement and each of their respective successors and permitted assigns. 12.11 Injunctive Relief. The parties hereto agree that in the event ----------------- of a breach of any provision of this Agreement prior to the consummation of the Closing, the aggrieved party or parties may be without an adequate remedy at law. The parties therefore agree that in the event of a breach of any provision of this Agreement prior to the consummation of the Closing, the aggrieved party or parties may elect to institute and prosecute proceedings in any court of competent jurisdiction to enforce specific performance or to enjoin the continuing breach of such provision, as well as to obtain damages for breach of this Agreement. By seeking or obtaining any such relief, the aggrieved party shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which it may be entitled. 12.12 Delays or Omissions. No delay or omission to exercise any ------------------- right, power or remedy accruing to any party hereto, upon any breach or default of any other party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such party nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or default thereafter occurring; nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any party hereto of any breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver on the part of any party of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement must be made in writing and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. All remedies, either under this Agreement or by law or otherwise afforded to any party, shall be cumulative and not alternative. 12.13 Severability. Unless otherwise provided herein, if any ------------ provision of this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 12.14 Expenses. The Purchaser shall bear its own legal fees with -------- respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Seller shall bear its own legal fees with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The covenants contained in this Section 12.14 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 12.15 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO KNOWINGLY, -------------------- VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY EXHIBIT HERETO, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING OR STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) RELATING TO THE FOREGOING. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE PARTIES HERETO TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT.        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have made and entered into this Asset Purchase Agreement the date first hereinabove set forth. AGWAY, INC. By: /s/ Roy Lubetkin ----------------------------------------- Vice President, Agway Inc. Title: -------------------------------------- CENEX HARVEST STATES COOPERATIVES By: /s/ David Swenson ------------------------------------------ Title: Senior Vice President ---------------------------------------  ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN AGWAY INC. AND CENEX HARVEST STATES COOPERATIVES DATED SEPTEMBER 16, 2002 - -------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------ Displayed below is a summary of Exhibits and Disclosure Schedules that have not been filed. We will furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted Exhibit and/or Disclosure Schedule to the Commission upon request. 1. Seller's Secretary's Certificate a. Certificate of Incorporation b. Bylaws c. Resolutions of the Board of Directors 2. Seller's Officer's Certificate 3. Good Standing Certificate 4. Bill of Sale and Assignment 5. Legal Opinion of the Seller's Counsel, Sutherland Asbill & Brennan LLP 6. Buyer's Secretary's Certificate a. Articles of Incorporation b. Bylaws c. Resolutions of the Board of Directors 7. Buyer's Officer's Certificate 8. Good Standing Certificate 9. Assumption Agreement 10. Legal Opinion of the Purchaser's Counsel, David A. Kastelic 11. License Agreement 12. Assignment of Leases 13. Side Letter 14. Closing Settlement Statement 15. Special Warranty Deeds 16. Title Commitment 17. Owner's Affidavit 18. Settlement Statement 19. Release of Real Estate Financial Statements 20. Termination of Mortgage 21. Notice of Release of Security Interest in Trademarks and Domain Names 22. Release of Security Interest of Certain Pledge Indebtedness 23. Termination of Fleet Financing Statements 24. Termination of GECC Personal Property Financing Statements 25. Release of Assignment of Rents 26. Consent of the Senior Lenders of the Seller  EX-12 5 exh12ratios.txt EXHIBIT 12 RATIOS  EXHIBIT 12  COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES AND PREFERRED DIVIDENDS COMBINED   Represents after-tax earnings (loss) from continuing operations divided by pre-tax earnings (loss) from continuing operations, which adjusts dividends on preferred stock to a pre-tax basis.    Represents adjusted net earnings divided by fixed charges and preferred dividends combined. N/D No deficiency. (a) Adjusted net earnings are inadequate to cover total fixed charges. (b) Adjusted net earnings are inadequate to cover total fixed charges and preferred dividends combined. COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES AND PREFERRED DIVIDENDS COMBINED   Represents after-tax earnings (loss) from continuing operations divided by pre-tax earnings (loss) from continuing operations, which adjusts dividends on preferred stock to a pre-tax basis.    Represents adjusted net earnings divided by fixed charges and preferred dividends combined. N/D No deficiency. (a) Adjusted net earnings are inadequate to cover total fixed charges. (b) Adjusted net earnings are inadequate to cover total fixed charges and preferred dividends combined.  EX-21 6 exh21suba.txt EXHIBIT 21 SUBSIDIARIES  EXHIBIT 21  SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT AS OF JUNE 2002 SUBSIDIARY STATE OF INCORPORATION/ORGANIZATION - ---------- ----------------------------------- Agway Energy Products LLC...............................................Delaware Agway Energy Services, Inc..............................................Delaware Agway Energy Services - PA, Inc.........................................Delaware Agway General Agency, Inc...............................................New York Agway Insurance Company.................................................New York Agway Realties, Inc.(1).................................................Delaware Brubaker Agronomic Consulting Service LLC...............................Delaware Country Best Adams LLC..................................................Delaware Country Best- DeBerry LLC................................................Delaware Feed Commodities International LLC (2)..................................Delaware Independent Applicators, Inc............................................Delaware Telmark LLC.............................................................Delaware Telease Financial Services, Ltd...........................................Canada Telmark Lease Funding II LLC............................................Delaware Telmark Lease Funding III LLC...........................................Delaware Notes: (1) Agway Realties, Inc. has been dissolved, effective September 19, 2002. (2) Effective July 1999, Feed Commodities International, Inc. and Commodity Transport, Inc. were merged into Feed Commodities International LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; Feed Commodities International LLC is the surviving entity. EX-23 7 exh23consents.txt EXHIBIT 23 CONSENTS OF COUNSEL  EXHIBIT 23  CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS ---------------------------------- We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Agway Inc. on Form S-3 (No. 333-59808) and on Form S-8 (No.333-62509) of our report dated September 27, 2002, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedules, which appears in this Form 10-K. /s/ PriceWaterhouseCooper LLC - ----------------------------- PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPER LLC Syracuse, New York September 30, 2002  EX-99.2K 8 exh99.txt SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  EXHIBIT 99  EXHIBIT 99.1 AGWAY INC. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2002 (the "Report") of Agway Inc. (the "Registrant"), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Donald P. Cardarelli, the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the registrant. /s/ Donald P. Cardarelli - -------------------------------------- Donald P. Cardarelli President and Chief Executive Officer September 27, 2002  EXHIBIT 99.2 AGWAY INC. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2002 (the "Report") of Agway Inc. (the "Registrant"), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Peter J. O'Neill, the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the registrant. /s/ Peter J. O'Neill - ---------------------------------------- Peter J. O'Neill Senior Vice President, Finance & Control September 27, 2002  -----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-  ----   
