10-K 1  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended June 30, 1998 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ______ to______ Commission File No. 1-8037 Aeroflex Incorporated (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 11-1974412 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 35 South Service Road, Plainview, New York 11803 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (516) 694-6700 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Name of Each Exchange on Title of Class Which Registered -------------- ------------------------- Common Stock, $.10 par value New York Stock Exchange Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ] Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K [ ]. State the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant. (The aggregate market value shall be computed by reference to the price at which the stock was sold, or the average bid and asked prices of such stock, as of a specified date within 60 days prior to the date of filing). As of September 22, 1998 approximately $147,487,000. Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date (applicable only to corporate registrants). Common Stock, par value $.10 per share; outstanding as of September 22, 1998 - 17,426,618 (excluding 39,159 shares held in treasury). Documents incorporated by reference: Parts II and IV - The Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1998 to the extent specifically identified or incorporated herein. Part III - Registrant's definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Act of 1934.  PART I ITEM ONE - BUSINESS Aeroflex Incorporated, through its subsidiaries (collectively, unless the context requires otherwise, referred to as the "Company" or "Aeroflex"), utilizes its advanced design, engineering and manufacturing capabilities to produce state- of-the-art microelectronic module, interconnect and testing solutions used in communication applications for commercial and defense markets. Its products are used in the satellite, wireless and wireline communications, cable television ("CATV") and defense communications markets. With the acquisition of MIC Technology in 1996 and the interconnect assets of Lucent Technologies Inc. in 1997, the Company believes it is currently the largest merchant supplier of thin film interconnect products. The Company also designs and manufactures motion control systems, and shock and vibration isolation systems used for commercial, industrial and defense applications. The Company's major customers include Lockheed Martin Corporation, Hughes Electronics Corporation, Motorola, Inc., Lucent Technologies, Inc., Raytheon Company and Northrop Grumman Corporation. The Company currently acts as sole source supplier under supply agreements with Lucent Technologies and Motorola's RF semiconductor division for thin film interconnect products. Operations are grouped into three segments: Microelectronics; Test, Measurement and Other Electronics; and Isolator Products. These segments, their products and the markets they serve are described below. Microelectronics Thin Film Circuits and Interconnects - (MIC Technology) In March 1996, the Company acquired MIC Technology Corporation ("MIC") which designs, develops, manufactures and sells passive thin film circuits and interconnects. Its advanced microcircuit and interconnect technology is emerging as a key technology for miniaturized, high frequency, high performance electronic products for rapidly growing markets such as cellular/PCS and microwave data links. It continues to be an essential technology in satellite based communication hardware, CATV amplifiers and leading edge military electronic products. Thin film products allow dramatic reductions in the size and weight of electronic circuits and provide superior electrical and thermal performance. Growth in the use of thin film technology is expected to complement the advances in semiconductor speed which have occurred in recent years. Thin film removes limitations imposed by other interconnect technologies for high clock rate digital circuits. In the digital, analog RF and microwave domains, thin film allows the production of hybrid integrated circuits with lumped elements at lower cost than full silicon or gallium arsenide (GaAs) integration while retaining outstanding performance. The Company serves both commercial and military markets. Commercial markets include satellite, wireless and wireline communications, CATV, fiber optics and digital Multi-Chip Modules ("MCMs"). Military markets include missile Transmit and Receive ("T/R") modules, radar T/R modules and advanced Electronic Counter Measures. -2-  In its most basic form, simple interconnect incorporates conductors, resistors, plated vias and selective high conductivity traces for high-volume, low-cost, DC, RF and microwave products, including applications such as standard microwave amplifiers and oscillators, CATV circuitry, A/D converters and high-power regulation. Advanced interconnect incorporates all passive elements in solid-state form. Microstrip conductors, resistors, inductors, capacitors, air-bridges and filled thermal vias are integrated on a single substrate. Applications include high-performance, low-noise and power amplifiers for use in commercial wireless products and avionics. To address digital circuit requirements, high- density digital interconnect substrates offer single or double-sided, controlled impedance signal routing. These substrates also offer integrated resistors and solid thermal vias, if required, for improved performance. Applications include Application Specific Integrated Circuits ("ASIC"), control circuits, high-density memory modules and digital switching networks. By incorporating features of advanced interconnect and high-density digital interconnect in a single design, the Company has created PIMIC -Mixed Signal Interconnect to address the expanding use of mixed technologies. This unique PIMIC process allows integration of analog and digital functionality for use in leading-edge miniaturized military, satellite and commercial electronics. In July 1997, MIC entered into a multi-year strategic agreement under which MIC will supply Lucent Technologies with film integrated circuits which are used in communications applications. In connection with this agreement, MIC purchased equipment, inventory and licenses for advanced technologies from two of Lucent's telecommunications components operations which significantly increases MIC's manufacturing capacity and it is expected to enhance its capabilities. Microelectronic Modules - (Circuit Technology) Since 1974, the Company has been engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of state-of-the- art microelectronic assemblies for the electronics industry. In January 1994, the Company acquired substantially all of the net operating assets of the microelectronics division of Marconi Circuit Technology Corporation, which manufactures a wide variety of microelectronic assemblies. This acquisition increased the range of products offered and enhanced the Company's engineering capability. Satellite The Company has been designing and manufacturing hybrid and MCM microelectronic circuits for space applications for over 15 years. The Company's reputation and expertise in these areas results from significant experience gained on Department of Defense ("DOD") and NASA programs such as MILSTAR, Space Shuttle, LANDSAT and most recently, the Cassini probe to Saturn, as well as on various classified programs. The Company's hybrids have been successfully deployed on commercial programs such as DirecTV and IRIDIUM . Multichip Modules MCMs are a further advancement of hybrid microcircuit technology in which large digital devices such as microprocessors, SRAM and EEPROM memories are combined with multilayer ceramic packages to form complex digital systems or subsystems. MCMs perform functions similar to hybrids, except the emphasis is on miniaturizing and synthesizing digital functions such as microprocessor systems and mass memories. The Company has been qualified on multiple MCM designs on both the F-16 and F-22 Advanced Tactical Fighter, V-22, LAMPS, AWACS and AEGIS Missile and is participating in pre- production and production contracts. Application specific MCMs have significant market potential in avionics, workstations, telecommunications and satellites. -3-  The Company has expanded its standard memory module product line with the addition of approximately 50 new memory modules in the past four years. These products, which consist of SRAM and Flash memory modules, take advantage of the Company's MCM expertise. They are designed to be used for a wide range of computer and general purpose circuit board applications. Data- bus The Data-bus product line has a particularly broad range of applications. These microcircuits, which have been adopted by the United States Army, Navy and Air Force as a standard interface, act as a digital data communication link between various computer-based equipment. A new commercial Data-bus interface was developed by Boeing for use on its 777 Aircraft. The Company has production contracts for the interface and coupler modules which provide the data communications protocol and interface for all of the electronic systems in each 777 Aircraft. The Company's microcircuits are used on numerous avionic systems including the F-14, F-15, F-16 and F-18 aircraft and the Tomahawk- cruise and AMRAAM missiles. They are also qualified for possible use on upgrades to older platforms. The Data-bus microcircuits are used in a wide variety of aerospace and seaboard navigations, and communication systems. Application Specific Modules The Company manufactures hybrids for a customer's particular need that cannot be fulfilled with a standard commercial product. This capability has historically been utilized to service defense markets domestically and internationally. The electronic content of the worldwide defense market is growing as governments determine it is more economical to upgrade existing aircraft and missiles than to build new aircraft and missiles. This customer base is faced with continuous retrofits to upgrade the ability of aging equipment. The Company benefits from upgrade programs by supplying hybrids and MCMs for the C-130, F-16, F-18 and AWACS aircraft programs, as well as newer programs such as JAVELIN and AMRAAM missiles. Test, Measurement and Other Electronics Instrumentation Frequency Synthesizers - (Comstron) In November 1989, the Company acquired Comstron Corporation which is now an operating division of Aeroflex Laboratories Incorporated, a wholly- owned subsidiary of Aeroflex. Comstron is a leader in radio frequency and microwave technology used in the manufacture of fast switching frequency synthesizers, signal generators and components. The Company's synthesizers operate in a broad frequency range of 10MHz to 40GHz with excellent spectral purity. Their small size and modular construction allow for easy systems configuration and facilitation of repair. The Company, together with Hewlett Packard, helped develop the Modular Measurement System standard which has been selected as the architecture underlying the RF and microwave sections of a number of automated test equipment ("ATE") systems, including CASS, the United States Navy's next generation ATE. The CASS program is a high priority United States Navy initiative designed to end the proliferation of unique ATE and related Test Program Sets for United States Navy electronics. Historically, each individual weapon system had its own testing system which required unique operator skills, maintenance and scope of capabilities. The Company supplies the fast switching frequency synthesizers, spread spectrum modulators and arbitrary waveform generators for CASS. The Company's synthesizers also significantly improve the -4-  performance and reliability of existing radars. Additionally, the synthesizers improve the performance of threat simulators, as well as radar cross section and antenna measurement systems. In Fiscal 1998, the Company introduced its first low-cost, fast switching, high- performance frequency synthesizer for commercial ATE. High-Speed Automatic Test Systems - (Lintek) In January 1995, the Company acquired Lintek Inc. as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Aeroflex. Aeroflex Lintek Corp., the successor to Lintek, Inc., is a leading provider of high-speed instrumentation radar systems and antenna measurement systems. Instrumentation radar systems are used to measure the radar cross sections of aircraft and other objects using both scale models and actual examples. These measurements are made in many diverse environments from factory floor, to laboratory, to flight lines or aircraft carriers. In addition to the radar system hardware, the Company has developed various analytical processing and display algorithms to assist in the interpretation of the radar data. Through expertise gained in high-speed data acquisition and display techniques used in instrumentation radar products, the Company produces antenna measurement systems used in the design, manufacturing and testing of all types of antennas. In April 1998, Lintek was awarded a contract for next generation communication satellite test equipment from Hughes Space and Communications. This testing system combines Comstron's patented synthesizers with Lintek's proprietary response measurement technology to more efficiently test satellite payloads both on the ground and in space. Motion Control Systems - (Aeroflex Laboratories) Stabilization and Tracking Devices The Company is engaged in the design, development and production of stabilization tracking devices and systems, including pedestals. Pedestals, through the continuous balancing action of gyroscopes and servo- mechanical stabilizers operating in all three dimensions, enable equipment mounted on a vehicle to remain almost perfectly balanced and motionless. The mounted equipment can then automatically track or focus on a target as accurately as if it were on solid ground despite the motion of the vehicle. The Company's stabilization and tracking devices are used in reconnaissance and weapon firing control systems and play an important role in high altitude aircraft as well as in other aircraft, ships and ground vehicles which require precise, highly stable mounting for cameras, antennae and lasers. In addition to military and aerospace markets, the Company has delivered commercial units used to stabilize airborne spectroscopy equipment for terrestrial mapping. Magnetic Motors The Company produces a variety of brushless DC motors. Brushless DC motors differ from conventional DC motors and are well-suited for use under vacuum conditions, such as outer space where lubricants needed to slow brushwear dissipate rapidly. They are also well-suited for environments containing volatile or explosive materials and gases and applications where clean operation is critical. These motors are utilized in the Company's stabilization and tracking systems and infra-red scanner modules, as well as other applications where precise movement is required, such as for positioning antennae, optical systems, mechanical vanes and valves. Scanning Devices Using its expertise gained in over 30 years of manufacturing infra-red night vision scanners, the Company has developed and started production of the next generation polygon rotary scanner for the United States Army's thermal weapons sight, under contract to Hughes Electro-Optical Data Systems Group. This -5- sight is a low cost, lightweight thermal imaging device that detects targets based on thermal radiation contrasts with the background and is intended for use on standard issue United States Army assault rifles and crew served weapons. Additionally, the Company provides the Common Module Scanner used on the M-1 Tank, Bradley fighting vehicle and Comanche helicopter. Isolator Products - (Aeroflex International, Vibration Mountings & Controls and Korfund Dynamics) The Company is engaged in the design, development, manufacture and sale of shock and vibration isolation systems. These devices consist of helically-wound steel wire rope contained between rugged metal retainer bars, which are used in defense applications, and off-the-shelf rubber and spring shock, vibration and noise control devices, which are used in commercial and industrial applications. Purchasers of isolators are manufacturers or users of equipment sensitive to shock and vibration who need to reduce shock/vibration to levels compatible with equipment fragility to extend the useful life of this equipment. Markets for isolation systems include defense, aerospace, geophysical exploration, aircraft, communications, transportation and utilities. Customers The Company has hundreds of customers in the communications, satellite, aerospace/defense, transportation and construction industries. Except for Lucent Technologies, (15.5%), in fiscal 1998, and Lockheed Martin (13.3%) and Hughes (11.7%), in fiscal 1997, no one customer accounted for more than 10% of the Company's net sales. The Company is currently a party to three key strategic agreements: In July 1997, MIC entered into a strategic agreement under which MIC will supply Lucent Technologies with film integrated circuits which are used in communications applications. The agreement expires December 31, 2000 and is subject to annual renewal options. In addition, MIC purchased automatic manufacturing and test equipment, inventory and licenses for advanced technologies from two of Lucent's microelectronic component operations which significantly increases the Company's manufacturing capacity to produce film integrated circuits and MCMs. In February 1997, the Company entered into an outsourcing agreement with the RF Semiconductor Division of Motorola under which the Company will supply virtually all of Motorola's thin film interconnects for its RF semiconductor product lines, supporting component applications in CATV, cellular/PCS and land mobile communications. This agreement expires in February 1999 and is subject to annual renewal options. In July 1996, the Company entered into a multi-year Volume Purchase Agreement with Hughes Electronics to supply microelectronic modules for use on both commercial and military satellites, and missile systems. Competition In all phases of its operations, the Company competes in both performance and price with companies, some of which are considerably larger, more diversified and have greater financial resources and sales than the Company. In the manufacture of microelectronics, the Company believes its primary competitors are NTK, Texas Instruments and ILC/Data Devices Corp. In the manufacture of instrument products, the Company believes its primary competitors are Hewlett Packard and Scientific Atlanta. In the manufacture of motion control products, the Company believes its primary competitors are MPC Products Corp. and Schaeffer Magnetics Inc. In the manufacture of isolators, the Company -6-  believes its primary competitors are Barry Controls, Inc., Lord Kinematics and Mason Industries. The Company also experiences significant competition from the in-house capabilities of its current and potential customers. The Company believes that in all of its operations it competes favorably in the principal competitive areas of technology, performance, reliability, quality, customer service and price. The Company believes that to remain competitive in the future, it will need to invest significant financial resources in research and development. To the extent that the Company is engaged in government contracts, its success or failure, to a large measure, is based upon its ability to compete successfully for contracts and to complete them at a profit. Such government business is necessarily affected by many factors such as variations in the military requirements of the government and defense budget allocations. Government Sales Approximately 42% and 50% of the Company's sales for fiscal 1998 and 1997, respectively, were to agencies of the United States Government or to prime defense contractors or subcontractors of the United States Government. The Company's overall dependence on the military has been declining due to the acquisition of MIC, which is more commercially oriented, and a focusing of resources towards developing standard products for the commercial markets. The Company's defense contracts have been awarded either on a bid basis or after negotiation. The contracts are primarily fixed price contracts, though the Company also has defense contracts providing for cost plus fixed fee. The Company's defense contracts contain customary provisions for termination at the convenience of the government without cause. In the event of such termination, the Company is entitled to reimbursement for its costs and to receive a reasonable profit, if any, on the work done prior to termination. Revenues and costs on government contracts are recognized based upon shipments or billings. In certain product areas, the Company has suffered reductions in sales volume due to cutbacks in the military budget. In other product areas, the Company has experienced increased sales volume due to a realignment of government spending towards upgrading existing systems instead of purchasing completely new systems. The overall effect of the cutbacks and realignment has not been material to the Company. Marketing and Distribution The Company uses a team-based sales approach to facilitate close management by Company personnel of relationships at multiple levels of the customer's organization, including management, engineering and purchasing personnel. The Company's integrated sales approach involves a team consisting of a senior executive, a business development specialist and members of the Company's engineering department. In particular, the use of experienced engineering personnel as part of the sales effort enables close technical collaboration with the customer during the design and qualification phase of new communications equipment which, the Company believes, is critical to the integration of its product into its customer's equipment. The Company's executive officers are also involved in all aspects of the Company's relationships with its major customers and work closely with their senior management. In addition, the Company utilizes manufacturers' representatives and independent sales representatives as needed. Product Research and Development The Company's research and development efforts primarily involve engineering and design relating to the development of new products, the improvement of existing products and/or the adaptation of such products to new applications. The Company's efforts also include developing prototype components to bid on specific programs. Several of the Company's officers and almost all of -7- its engineers have been involved at varioustimes and to varying degrees in these activities. Certain product development and similar costs are recoverable under contractual arrangements and those that are not recoverable are expensed in the year incurred. The costs of Company sponsored research activities were approximately $5.2 million, $3.3 million and $1.3 million for fiscal 1998, 1997 and 1996, respectively. The increase from fiscal 1997 to fiscal 1998 was primarily due to the costs for development of a new low-cost, high-speed, high performance frequency synthesizer intended for commercial communication test systems. The increase from fiscal 1996 to fiscal 1997 was primarily due to MIC which was acquired in March 1996. Further, in connection with the Company's purchase of MIC, the Company allocated $23.2 million of the purchase price to in-process research and development. Since the research and development projects had not reached technological feasibility, the $23.2 million was charged to expense in fiscal 1996 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Backlog The Company includes in backlog firm purchase orders or contracts providing for delivery of products and services. At June 30, 1998, the Company's order backlog was approximately $80.1 million, approximately 85% of which was scheduled to be delivered on or before June 30, 1999. Approximately 58% and 42% of this backlog represents commercial and defense contracts, respectively. Generally, government contracts are cancellable with payment to the Company of amounts expended under the contract together with a reasonable profit, if any, while commercial contracts are not cancellable. At June 30, 1997, the Company's backlog of orders was approximately $53.3 million. Approximately 90% was scheduled to be delivered before June 30, 1998. Approximately 65% of this backlog represented orders for military or national defense purposes. Manufacturing The Company assembles, tests, packages and ships products at its manufacturing facilities located in Farmingdale, Pearl River and Plainview, New York; Richardson, Texas; Bloomingdale, New Jersey; Powell, Ohio; and Boca Raton, Florida. The Company has been manufacturing products for defense programs for many years in compliance with stringent military specifications. The Company's microelectronic module manufacturing is certified to the status of Class "K" (space qualified) of which the Company believes only seven other vendors are currently certified. The Company believes it has been able to bring to the commercial market the manufacturing quality and discipline it has demonstrated in the defense market. For example, the Company's Plainview and Farmingdale manufacturing plants are ISO-9001 certified, as well as certified to the more stringent Boeing D1-9000 standard. Historically, the volume of the Company's production requirements in the defense market was not sufficient to justify the widespread implementation of highly automated manufacturing processes. Over the last several years, the Company has expanded the use of high volume manufacturing techniques for product assembly and testing. Recently, the Company purchased film integrated circuit automatic manufacturing and test equipment from Lucent Technologies, which the Company believes was the largest volume manufacturer of thin film integrated circuits, and the Company is currently expanding its Pearl River facility to accommodate this equipment. After its completion, the Company believes the Pearl River facility will have the capacity required to handle additional future outsourcing by captive suppliers of thin film communications products and the growing demand for communication interconnect products. -8-  Principal Materials The principal materials used by the Company in manufacturing and assembling its products are ceramic, magnetic materials, gold, steel, aluminum, rubber, iron and copper. Many of the component parts used by the Company in its products are also purchased, including semiconductors, transformers, amplifiers and bearings. Although the Company has several sole source arrangements, all the materials and components used by the Company, including those purchased from a sole source, are readily available and are or can be purchased from time to time in the open market. The Company has no long-term commitments for their purchase. No supplier provides more than 10% of the Company's raw materials. Patents and Trademarks The Company owns several patents, patent licenses and trademarks. In order to protect its intellectual property rights, the Company relies on a combination of trade secret, copyright, patent and trademark laws and employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, as well as limiting access to and distribution of proprietary information. While the Company considers that in the aggregate its patents and trademarks are important in its operations, it does not consider that one or any group of them is of such importance that termination could materially affect its business. Employees As of June 30, 1998 the Company had 842 employees, of whom 422 were engaged in a manufacturing capacity, and 420 were engaged in engineering, sales, administrative or clerical positions. 238 employees of the Company are covered by two collective bargaining agreements. The Company considers its employee relations to be satisfactory. Seasonality Although the Company's business is not affected by seasonality, historically its revenues and earnings increase sequentially from quarter to quarter within a fiscal year, but the first quarter is less than the previous year's fourth quarter. Regulation The Company's activities are subject to various environmental, health and employee safety laws. The Company has expended resources, both financial and managerial, to comply with applicable environmental, health and worker safety laws in its operations and at its facilities and anticipates that it will continue to do so in the future. The Company does not require any governmental approval of its principal products or services. Compliance with environmental laws has not historically had a material effect on the Company's capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position, and the Company does not anticipate that such compliance will have a material effect on the Company in the future. Because of its participation in the defense industry, the Company is subject to audit from time to time for its compliance with government regulations by various agencies, including the Defense Contract Audit Agency, the Defense Investigative Service and the Defense Logistics Agency. These and other governmental agencies may also, from time to time, conduct inquiries or investigations that may cover a broad range of Company activity. Responding to any such audits, inquiries or investigations may involve significant expense and divert management attention. Also, an adverse finding in any such audit, inquiry or investigation could involve penalties that may have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations or financial condition. -9-  The Company believes that it is generally in compliance with all applicable environmental, health and worker safety laws and governmental regulations. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that additional costs for compliance will not be incurred in the future or that such costs will not be material. Financial Information About Industry Segments The sales and operating profits of each industry segment and the identifiable assets attributable to each industry segment for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 1998 are set forth in Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. ITEM TWO - PROPERTIES The executive offices of the Company and the manufacturing facilities of Aeroflex Laboratories Incorporated, a subsidiary of the Company, occupying an aggregate of approximately 69,000 square feet, are located in premises which the Company owns in Plainview, Long Island, New York. Aeroflex Laboratories Incorporated also leases manufacturing facilities in Farmingdale, Long Island, New York and Boca Raton, Florida of approximately 20,000 and 11,000 square feet, respectively. The annual rental of these properties is approximately $116,000 and $81,000 respectively. The Company's subsidiary, MIC Technology Corporation ("MIC"), acquired its manufacturing facility in Pearl River, New York of approximately 63,000 square feet in July 1998. MIC also leases a manufacturing facility of approximately 29,000 square feet in Richardson, Texas with an annual rent of approximately $167,000. The Company's subsidiary, Vibration Mountings and Controls, Inc., conducts manufacturing operations at a plant located in Bloomingdale, New Jersey. The plant, which the Company owns, consists of approximately 72,000 square feet. The Company's subsidiary, Aeroflex Lintek Corp., occupies approximately 8,500 square feet of space in Powell, Ohio, with an annual rental of approximately $54,000. The Company believes that its facilities are adequate for its current and presently foreseeable needs. ITEM THREE - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Filtron Co. Inc., ("Filtron") a subsidiary of the Company whose operations were discontinued in October 1991, was one of several defendants named in a personal injury action initiated in 1994 by several plaintiffs in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of Kings. According to the allegations of the Amended Verified Complaint, the plaintiffs, who are current or former employees of a company to whom Filtron sold RFI filters/capacitors, and their dependents, are seeking to recover, respectively, directly and derivatively, on diverse theories of negligence, strict liability and breach of warranty, for injuries allegedly suffered from exposure to a liquid substance or material which Filtron incorporated for a period of time in the RFI filters/capacitors which it manufactured. The plaintiffs are seeking damages which cumulatively may exceed $500 million. This action is still in the early stages of discovery. Based upon available information and considering its various defenses, together with its product liability insurance, in the opinion of management of the Company, the outcome of the action against its subsidiary will not have a materially adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements. -10-  The Company is involved in various other routine legal matters. Management believes the outcome of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company. ITEM FOUR - SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS Not applicable. -11-  PART II ITEM FIVE - MARKET FOR THE COMPANY'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS (a) The Common Stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ARX. The following table shows the quarterly range of the high and low closing prices for the Common Stock, as reported by the National Quotation Bureau Incorporated, for the calendar periods indicated. Common Stock High Low ---- --- 1996 First Quarter........................ $5.13 $3.50 Second Quarter....................... 6.63 4.38 Third Quarter ....................... 6.13 4.63 Fourth Quarter....................... 4.75 4.13 1997 First Quarter........................ 4.88 3.50 Second Quarter....................... 5.13 3.25 Third Quarter........................ 11.25 4.44 Fourth Quarter....................... 12.06 7.13 1998 First Quarter......................... 14.63 7.88 Second Quarter........................ 14.31 8.50 Third Quarter(through September 8).... 11.56 6.69 (b) As of September 8, 1998, there were approximately 1,150 record holders of the Company's Common Stock. (c) The Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends on its Common Stock. There have been no stock dividends declared or paid by the Company on its Common Stock during the past three years. The Company currently intends to retain any future earnings for use in the operation and development of its business and for acquisitions and, therefore, does not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends on its Common Stock in the foreseeable future. In addition, the Company's Revolving Credit Agreement, as amended, prohibits it from paying cash dividends. -12- ITEM SIX - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA (In thousands except percentages and per share data) -13-  ITEM SEVEN - MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview Aeroflex Incorporated, founded in 1937, utilizes its advanced design, engineering and manufacturing capabilities to produce state-of-the-art microelectronic, interconnect and testing solutions used in communication applications for commercial and defense markets. Its products are used in satellite, wireless and wireline communications, cable television ("CATV") and defense communications markets. It also designs and manufactures motion control systems and shock and vibration isolation systems used for commercial, industrial and defense applications. The Company's operations are grouped into three segments: Microelectronics; Test, Measurement and Other Electronics; and Isolator Products. The Company's consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Aeroflex Incorporated and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Microelectronics segment has been engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of state-of-the-art microelectronics for the electronics industry since 1974. In January 1994, the Company acquired substantially all of the net operating assets of the microelectronics division of Marconi Circuit Technology Corporation, which manufactures a wide variety of microelectronic assemblies. In March 1996, the Company acquired MIC Technology Corporation ("MIC") which designs, develops, manufactures and markets microelectronics products in the form of passive thin film circuits and interconnects. Effective July 1, 1997, MIC acquired certain equipment, inventory, licenses for technology and patents of two of Lucent Technologies' telecommunications component units - multi-chip modules and film integrated circuits. These units manufacture microelectronic modules and interconnect products. The Company has also signed a multi-year supply agreement to provide Lucent with film integrated circuits for use in the telecommunications industry. The Test, Measurement and Other Electronics segment consists of two divisions: Instruments and Motion Control Products. The Instruments division consists of: (i) Comstron , a leader in radio frequency and microwave technology used in the manufacture of fast switching frequency signal generators and components, which was acquired in November 1989 and is currently an operating division of Aeroflex Laboratories Incorporated, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Aeroflex; and (ii) Lintek, a leader in high speed instrumentation antenna measurement systems and radar systems. The Motion Control Products division has been engaged in the development and manufacture of electro-optical scanning devices used in infra-red night vision systems since 1975. Additionally, it has been engaged in the design, development and production of stabilization tracking devices and systems and magnetic motors since 1961. The Isolator Products segment has been engaged in the design, development, manufacture and sale of severe service shock and vibration isolation systems since 1961. These devices include a product line of helically wound steel wire rope contained between rugged metal retainer bars which are used to store and dissipate potentially destructive vibration and shock and are primarily used in defense applications. In October 1983, the Company acquired Vibration Mountings & Controls, Inc. (VMC), which manufactures a line of off-the-shelf rubber and spring shock, vibration and structure borne noise control devices used in commercial applications. In December 1986, the Company acquired the operating assets of Korfund Dynamics Corporation (KDC), a manufacturer of an industrial line of heavy duty spring and rubber shock mounts. -14-  Revenue is recognized based upon shipments or billings. The Company records costs on its long-term contracts using percentage-of-completion accounting under which costs are recognized on revenues in the same relation that total estimated manufacturing costs bear to total contract value. Estimated costs at completion are based upon engineering and production estimates. Provisions for estimated losses or revisions in estimated profits on contracts-in-process are recorded in the period in which such losses or revisions are first determined. Approximately 42%, 50% and 65% of the Company's sales for fiscal 1998, 1997 and 1996, respectively, were to agencies of the United States Government or to prime defense contractors or subcontractors of the United States Government. The Company's overall dependence on the military has been declining due to the acquisition of MIC, which is more commercially oriented, and a focusing of resources towards developing standard products for the commercial markets. The Company's government contracts have been awarded either on a bid basis or after negotiation. The contracts are primarily fixed price contracts, though the Company also has government contracts providing for cost plus fixed fee. The Company's defense contracts contain customary provisions for termination at the convenience of the government without cause. In the event of such termination, the Company is entitled to reimbursement for its costs and to receive a reasonable profit, if any, on the work done prior to termination. Management believes that potential reductions in defense spending will not materially affect its operations. In certain product areas, the Company has suffered reductions in sales volume due to cutbacks in the military budget. In other product areas, the Company has experienced increased sales volume due to a realignment of government spending towards upgrading existing systems instead of purchasing completely new systems. The overall effect of the cutbacks and realignment has not bee  n material to the Company. The Company's product development efforts primarily involve engineering and design relating to the development of new products, the improvement of existing products or the adaption of such products to new applications. The Company's efforts also include developing prototype components to bid on specific programs. Some of the Company's development efforts are reimbursed under contractual arrangements. Product development and similar costs not recoverable under contractual arrangements are expensed in the period incurred. In June 1997, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB") issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 131, "Disclosure About Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information," which is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1997. This statement establishes standards for reporting information about operating segments and related disclosures about products and services, geographic areas and major customers. The Company has not determined the impact that the adoption of this new accounting standard will have on its consolidated financial statement disclosures. The Company will adopt this standard effective July 1, 1998, as required. In June 1998, the FASB issued SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities," which is effective for fiscal years beginning after June 15, 1999. This statement requires companies to record derivatives on the balance sheet as assets or liabilities at their fair value. In certain circumstances changes in the value of such derivatives may be required to be recorded as gains or losses. Management believes that the impact of this statement will not have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements. -15-  Market Risk The Company is exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates and, to an immaterial extent, to foreign currency exchange rates. Most of the Company's debt is at fixed rates of interest or at a variable rate with an interest rate swap agreement to effectively make it a fixed rate of interest. That debt which is subject to a floating rate of interest (30-day LIBOR) and is not hedged by an interest rate swap amounts to approximately $5.6 million at June 30, 1998. If market interest rates increase by 10 percent from levels at June 30, 1998, the effect on the Company's results of operations would not be material. Year 2000 Compliance Management has initiated a company-wide program and has developed a formal plan of implementation to prepare the Company for the Year 2000. This includes taking actions designed to ensure that the Company's information technology ("IT") systems, products and infrastructure are Year 2000 compliant and that its customers, suppliers and service providers have taken similar action. The Company is in the process of evaluating its internal issues - all of its IT systems, products, equipment and other facilities systems - and modifying items that are not compliant. With respect to its external issues customers, suppliers and service providers - the Company is surveying them primarily through written correspondence. The Company expects to incur internal staff costs, as well as consulting and other expenses, and believes the total costs to be incurred for all internal Year 2000 compliance related projects will not have a material impact on the Company's business, results of operations or financial condition. Management expects to complete its investigation, remediation and contingency planning activities for all mission critical systems and areas by December 31, 1998, although there can be no assurance that it will. At this time, Management believes that the Company does not have any internal mission critical Year 2000 issues that it cannot remedy. With respect to mission critical third parties, in some instances the Company has protection under contracts and the Company intends to create contingency plans to mitigate its exposure in the event such third parties are not Year 2000 compliant. Despite its efforts to survey its customers, suppliers and service providers, Management cannot be certain as to the actual Year 2000 readiness of these third parties or the impact that any non-compliance on their part may have on the Company's business, results of operations or financial condition. -16-  Statement of Operations The following table sets forth certain items from the Company's statement of operations as a percentage of net sales and in dollars by segment for the periods indicated: -17-  Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 1998 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 1997 Net Sales. Net sales increased 26.0% to $118.9 million in fiscal 1998 from $94.3 million in fiscal 1997. Net sales in the Microelectronics segment increased 53.2% to $74.3 million for fiscal 1998 from $48.5 million for fiscal 1997 due to increased sales volume in both thin film interconnects and microelectronic modules. Sales of thin film interconnects increased primarily due to the commencement of a strategic supply contract with Lucent Technologies effective July 1, 1997. Net sales in the Test, Measurement and Other Electronics segment decreased 8.7% to $25.7 million in fiscal 1998 from $28.1 million for fiscal 1997 primarily as a result of reduced sales volume of frequency synthesizers partially offset by increased sales of high speed instrumentation test systems. Net sales in the Isolator Products segment increased 6.9% to $18.9 million for fiscal 1998 from $17.7 million for fiscal 1997 primarily due to higher sales volume of industrial and commercial isolators. Gross Profit. Cost of sales includes materials, direct labor and overhead expenses such as engineering labor, fringe benefits, allocable occupancy costs, depreciation and manufacturing supplies. Gross profit increased 33.3% to $41.6 million in fiscal 1998 from $31.2 million in fiscal 1997. Gross margin increased to 35.0% in fiscal 1998 from 33.1% in fiscal 1997. This increase was primarily as a result of increased margins in the Microelectronics segment reflecting the greater efficiency of higher volume. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of office and management salaries, fringe benefits, commissions and advertising costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 18.5% to $21.5 million (18.1% of net sales) in fiscal 1998 from $18.2 million (19.3% of net sales) in fiscal 1997. The increase was primarily due to labor related expenses including salaries for additional hires, recruitment and relocation costs in connection with the Company's growth. Research and Development Costs. Research and development costs consists of material, engineering labor and allocated overhead. Company sponsored research and development costs increased 57.7% to $5.2 million (4.4% of net sales) for the year ended June 30, 1998 from $3.3 million (3.5% of net sales) for the year ended June 30, 1997. This increase was primarily attributable to the costs for development of a new low-cost, high speed, high performance frequency synthesizer intended for commercial communication test systems. Other Expense (Income). Other expense was $1.7 million in fiscal 1998 compared to $2.9 million in fiscal 1997. Net interest expense decreased 43.9% to $1.6 million in fiscal 1998 from $2.9 million in fiscal 1997. The decrease in net interest expense was primarily due to reduced levels of borrowings and increased levels of cash equivalents due to the conversion of $10.0 million of debentures and net proceeds of $31.3 million from stock issued in a public offering. Other expense included $102,000 of debenture redemption costs in fiscal 1998. Provision for Income Taxes. Income taxes recorded by the Company increased 95.1% to $4.8 million (an effective income tax rate of 36.1%) in fiscal 1998 from $2.4 million (an effective income tax rate of 35.5%) in fiscal 1997. The income tax provisions for the years ended June 30, 1998 and 1997 were different from the amounts computed by applying the U.S. Federal income tax rate to income before income taxes primarily due to state and local income taxes, and for the year ended June 30, 1998, due to research and development credits. -18-  Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 1997 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 1996 Net Sales. Net sales increased 26.8% to $94.3 million for fiscal 1997 from $74.4 million in fiscal 1996. Net sales in the Microelectronics segment increased 70.6% to $48.5 million for fiscal 1997 from $28.4 million for fiscal 1996 due to the acquisition of MIC in March 1996 and increased sales in the existing product lines. MIC sales for fiscal 1997 and from acquisition until June 30, 1996 were approximately $21.9 million and $6.2 million, respectively. Net sales in the Test, Measurement and Other Electronics segment decreased 6.5% to $28.1 million for fiscal 1997 from $30.1 million for fiscal 1996 primarily as a result of reduced frequency synthesizer sales partially offset by increased sales of stabilization and tracking devices. The reduction in frequency synthesizer sales was due to the early completion of the current CASS contract and the transition from custom to commercial markets. Net sales in the Isolator Products segment increased 11.7% to $17.7 million for fiscal 1997 from $15.8 million for fiscal 1996. The increase reflects higher sales volume of industrial and commercial isolators partially offset by decreased sales volume of military isolators. Gross Profit. Gross profit increased 33.9% to $31.2 million in fiscal 1997 from $23.3 million in fiscal 1996. Gross margin increased to 33.1% in fiscal 1997 from 31.3% in fiscal 1996. This increase was primarily as a result of increased margins in the Microelectronics and Isolator Products segments reflecting the greater efficiencies of higher volumes and because MIC generally has higher margins than the balance of the Company. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 28.7% to $18.2 million (19.3% of net sales) in fiscal 1997 from $14.1 million (19.0% of net sales) in fiscal 1996. This increase was primarily as a result of the addition of MIC, which has a higher selling, general and administrative cost structure than the balance of the Company. Research and Development Costs. Company sponsored research and development costs increased 160.2% to $3.3 million (3.5% of net sales) for the year ended June 30, 1997 from $1.3 million (1.6% of net sales) for the year ended June 30, 1996. This increase was primarily attributable to MIC which was acquired in March 1996. Special Charge. In connection with the Company's purchase of MIC, the Company allocated $23.2 million of the purchase price to in-process research and development. Since the research and development projects had not reached technological feasibility, the $23.2 million was charged to expense in fiscal 1996 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Other Expense (Income). Other expense increased 233.4% to $2.9 million in fiscal 1997 from $864,000 in fiscal 1996. Net interest expense increased 100.3% to $2.9 million in fiscal 1997 from $1.4 million in fiscal 1996. The increase in net interest expense was primarily due to the increased level of borrowings and lower interest income on reduced cash amounts due to the purchase of MIC. Other income decreased in fiscal 1997 due to a securities related gain in fiscal 1996. Provision for Income Taxes. Income taxes recorded by the Company increased 91.1% to $2.4 million (an effective income tax rate of 35.5%) in fiscal 1997 from $1.3 million on a loss before income taxes of $16.1 million in fiscal 1996. The income tax provisions for the years ended June 30, 1997 and 1996 were different from amounts computed by applying the U.S. Federal income tax rate to income before income taxes primarily due to state and local income taxes, and, for the year ended June 30, 1996, because of the non- deductibility of the $23.2 million special charge and the tax benefits of loss carryforwards (both unrealized and realized). -19-  Seasonality Although the Company's business is not affected by seasonality, historically its revenues and earnings increase sequentially from quarter to quarter within a fiscal year, but the first quarter is less than the previous year's fourth quarter. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of June 30, 1998, the Company had $54.0 million in working capital. The current ratio was 3.3 to 1 at June 30, 1998. As of March 31, 1998, the Company replaced a previous agreement with a revised revolving credit agreement with two banks which is secured by substantially all of the Company's assets not otherwise encumbered. The agreement provides for a revolving credit line of $27.0 million which expires in March 2001. The interest rate on borrowings under this agreement is at various rates depending upon certain financial ratios, with the current rate substantially equivalent to the prime rate (8.5% at June 30, 1998). The terms of the agreement require compliance with certain covenants including minimum consolidated tangible net worth and pre-tax earnings, maintenance of certain financial ratios, limitations on capital expenditures and indebtedness and prohibition of the payment of cash dividends. At June 30, 1998, the outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit line were $4.7 million. The Company has entered into an interest rate swap agreement for the $4.7 million then outstanding under the revolving credit line at 7.6% in order to reduce the interest rate risk associated with these outstanding borrowings. During June 1994, the Company completed a sale of $10.0 million principal amount of 7-1/2% Senior Subordinated Convertible Debentures to non-U.S. persons. On September 8, 1997, the Company called for the redemption of all of its outstanding 7-1/2% Senior Subordinated Convertible Debentures at 104-1/2% of the principal amount. The Debentures were convertible into the Company's Common Stock at a price of $5-5/8 per share through October 6, 1997. All of the principal amount was converted. In connection with the conversions, $599,000 of deferred bond issuance costs were charged to additional paid-in capital. Effective March 19, 1996, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of MIC for approximately $36.0 million of cash, 300,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 400,000 shares of common stock (at exercise prices ranging from $7.05 to $7.50 per share). The purchase price was paid with available cash of $9.0 million and borrowings under the Company's bank loan agreement of $27.0 million. MIC manufactures high frequency thin film circuits and interconnects for miniaturized, high frequency, high performance electronic products for growing commercial markets such as wireless communications, cable communications, satellite based communications hardware and high technology military electronics. The acquired company's net sales were approximately $25.0 million for its fiscal year ended October 31, 1995. Effective July 1, 1997, the Company's subsidiary, MIC, acquired certain equipment, inventory, licenses for technology and patents of two of Lucent Technologies' telecommunications component units - multi-chip modules and film integrated circuits - for approximately $4.4 million in cash. These units manufacture microelectronic modules and interconnect products. The Company has also signed a multi-year supply agreement to provide Lucent with film integrated circuits for use in the telecommunications industry. The purchase price has been allocated to the assets acquired, based on their fair values, and certain obligations assumed relating to the various agreements. -20-  In fiscal 1998, the Company's operations provided cash of $13.7 million from the continued profitability of the Company, collection of receivables and an increase in current liabilities partially offset by an increase in inventories. In fiscal 1998, the Company's investing activities used cash of $15.0 million primarily for capital expenditures, including the renovation of MIC's Pearl River facility and the purchase of equipment and inventory from Lucent Technologies. In fiscal 1998, the Company's financing activities provided cash of $25.1 million primarily from the public offering of stock and equipment financing offset, in part, by debt payments. In March 1998, the Company sold 2.6 million shares of its Common Stock in a public offering for $31.3 million, net of an underwriting discount of $2.0 million and issuance costs of $496,000. Of these net proceeds, $9.6 million was used to repay bank indebtedness. The balance of the net proceeds, which is included in cash and cash equivalents, will be used for general corporate purposes, including working capital, capital expenditures and facilities expansion and may be used for potential acquisitions. Management of the Company believes that internally generated funds and available lines of credit will be sufficient for its working capital requirements, capital expenditure needs and the servicing of its debt for at least the next twelve months. At June 30, 1998, the Company's available unused line of credit was approximately $20.0 million. A subsidiary of the Company whose operations were discontinued in 1991, is one of several defendants named in a personal injury action initiated in August, 1994, by a group of plaintiffs. The plaintiffs are seeking damages which cumulatively may exceed $500 million. The complaint alleges, among other things, that the plaintiffs suffered injuries from exposure to substances contained in products sold by the subsidiary to one of its customers. This action is in the early stages of discovery. Based upon available information and considering its various defenses, together with its product liability insurance, in the opinion of management of the Company, the outcome of the action against its subsidiary will not have a materially adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements. The Company is involved in various other routine legal matters. Management believes the outcome of these matters will not have a materially adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements. The Company is undergoing routine audits by various taxing authorities of its state and local income tax returns covering periods from 1994 to 1996. Management believes that the probable outcome of these various audits should not materially affect the consolidated financial statements of the Company. The Company's backlog of orders at June 30, 1998 and 1997 was $80.1 million and $53.3 million, respectively. Financial Information About Industry Segments The sales and operating profits of each industry segment and the identifiable assets attributable to each industry segment for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 1998 are set forth in Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. -21-  ITEM EIGHT - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The financial statements and supplementary data listed in the accompanying Index to Financial Statements and Schedules is attached as part of this report. ITEM NINE - DISAGREEMENTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. PART III The information required by Part III is incorporated by reference to the Company's definitive proxy statement in connection with its Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held in November 1998, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of the Company's fiscal year ended June 30, 1998. PART IV ITEM FOURTEEN - EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K (a) See Index to Financial Statements at beginning of attached financial statements. (b) Reports on Form 8-K: None (c) Exhibits 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation, as amended. 3.2 By-Laws, as amended (Exhibit 3 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1998). 4.1 Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of March 15, 1996 among the Registrant, certain of its subsidiaries, Chemical Bank and NatWest Bank, N.A. (Exhibit 10 of Report on Form 8-K dated March 19, 1996). 4.2 Second Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of April 30, 1998 among the Registrant, certain of its subsidiaries, The Chase Manhattan Bank (as successor to Chemical Bank) and Fleet Bank, N.A. (as successor to NatWest Bank, N.A.) 10.1 1989 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, as amended (Exhibit 10.8 of Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 1990). 10.2 1994 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan. (Exhibit 10.2 of Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 1994). 10.3 1994 Outside Directors Stock Option Plan. (Exhibit 10.3 of Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 1994). -22-  10.4 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement between Aeroflex Incorporated and Harvey R. Blau (Exhibit 10.1 to Report on Form 8-K dated May 17, 1997). 10.5 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement between Aeroflex Incorporated and Michael Gorin (Exhibit 10.2 to Report on Form 8-K dated May 17, 1997). 10.6 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement between Aeroflex Incorporated and Leonard Borow (Exhibit 10.3 to Report on Form 8-K dated May 17, 1997). 10.7 Deferred Compensation Agreement between Aeroflex Incorporated and Harvey R. Blau (Exhibit 10.4 to Report on Form 8-K dated May 17, 1997). 10.8 Employment Agreement between Aeroflex Incorporated and Carl Caruso (Exhibit 10.5 to Report on Form 8-K dated May 17, 1997). 10.9 1996 Stock Option Plan (Exhibit A to Definitive Schedule 14A filed September 30, 1996). 10.10 1998 Stock Option Plan (Exhibit 10 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1998). 10.11 Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement between Aeroflex Incorporated and Harvey R. Blau. 10.12 Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement between Aeroflex Incorporated and Michael Gorin. 10.13 Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement between Aeroflex Incorporated and Leonard Borow. 22 The following is a list of the Company's subsidiaries: State of Name Incorporation ---- ------------- Aeroflex Laboratories Incorporated Delaware Aeroflex Lintek Corp. Ohio Aeroflex Systems Corp. Delaware MIC Technology Corporation Texas Vibration Mountings and Controls, Inc. New York 23 Consent of Independent Auditors 27 Financial Data Schedule 99 Additional Exhibit The following undertakings are incorporated by reference into the Company's Registration Statements on Form S-8 and Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 33-75496, 33-88868, 33-88878, 333-42399, 333-42405, 333- 15339, 333-21803 and 333-46689). -23- (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement; (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan or distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; Provided, however, that paragraphs (a)(1)(i) and (a)(1)(ii) do not apply if the registration statement is on Form S-3 or Form S-8, and the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in periodic reports filed by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement. (2) For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (b) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the registrant's annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan's annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (f) (1) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to deliver or cause to be delivered with the prospectus to each employee to whom the prospectus is sent or given a copy of the registrant's annual report to stockholders for its last fiscal year, unless such employee otherwise has received a copy of such report, in which case the registrant shall state in the prospectus that it will promptly furnish, without charge, a copy of such report on written request of the employee. If the last fiscal year of the registrant has ended within 120 days prior to the use of the prospectus, the annual report of the registrant for the preceding fiscal year may be so delivered, but within such 120 day period the annual report for the last fiscal year will be furnished to each such employee. (2) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to transmit or cause to be transmitted to all employees participating in the plan who do not otherwise receive such material as stockholders of the registrant, at the time and in the manner such material is sent to its stockholders, copies of all reports, proxy statements and other communications distributed to its stockholders generally. -24-  (3) Where interests in a plan are registered herewith, the undersigned registrant and plan hereby undertake to transmit or cause to be transmitted without charge, to any participant in the plan who makes a written request, a copy of the then latest annual report of the plan filed pursuant to Section 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Form 11-K). If such report is filed separately on Form 11-K, such form shall be delivered upon written request. If such report is filed as a part of the registrant's annual report on Form 10-K, that entire report (excluding exhibits) shall be delivered upon written request. If such report is filed as a part of the registrant's annual report to stockholders delivered pursuant to paragraph (1) or (2) of this undertaking, additional delivery shall not be required. (4) If the registrant is a foreign private issuer, eligible to use Form 20-F, then the registrant shall undertake to deliver or cause to be delivered with the prospectus to each employee to whom the prospectus is sent or given, a copy of the registrant's latest filing on Form 20-F in lieu of the annual report to stockholders. (i) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. -25-  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 25th day of September 1998. Aeroflex Incorporated By: /s/ Harvey R. Blau ------------------------ Harvey R. Blau, Chairman Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on September 25th, 1998 by the following persons in the capacities indicated: /s/ Harvey R. Blau - ------------------------- Chairman of the Board Harvey R. Blau (Chief Executive Officer) /s/ Michael Gorin - ------------------------- President and Director Michael Gorin (Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Leonard Borow - ------------------------- Executive Vice President, Secretary Leonard Borow and Director(Chief Operating Officer) - ------------------------- Director Paul Abecassis /s/ Robert Bradley, Sr. - ------------------------- Director Robert Bradley, Sr. /s/ Milton Brenner - ------------------------- Director Milton Brenner /s/ Ernest E. Courchene, Jr. - ------------------------- Director Ernest E. Courchene, Jr. /s/ Donald S. Jones - ------------------------- Director Donald S. Jones /s/ Eugene Novikoff - ------------------------- Director Eugene Novikoff /s/ John S. Patton - ------------------------- Director John S. Patton -26-  AEROFLEX INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES COMPRISING ITEM 8 OF ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K TO SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AS OF JUNE 30, 1998 AND 1997 AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1998, 1997 AND 1996 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES I N D E X PAGE ---- ITEM FOURTEEN (a) 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: Independent auditors' report S-1 Consolidated financial statements: Balance sheets - June 30, 1998 and 1997 S-2-3 Statements of operations - each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 1998 S-4 Statements of stockholders' equity - each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 1998 S-5 Statements of cash flows - each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 1998 S-6 Notes (1-15) S-7-21 Quarterly financial data (unaudited) S-22 2. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES: II - Valuation and qualifying accounts S-23 All other schedules have been omitted because they are inapplicable, not required, or the information is included elsewhere in the financial statements or notes thereto.  Independent Auditors' Report The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Aeroflex Incorporated Plainview, New York We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Aeroflex Incorporated and subsidiaries as of June 30, 1998 and 1997 and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended June 30, 1998. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at item 14(a)2. These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Aeroflex Incorporated and subsidiaries as of June 30, 1998 and 1997 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended June 30, 1998, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. KPMG PEAT MARWICK LLP /s/ KPMG Peat Marwick LLP Jericho, New York August 13, 1998 S-1  AEROFLEX INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except per share amounts) S-2  AEROFLEX INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except per share amounts) S-3  AEROFLEX INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In thousands, except per share amounts) S-4  AEROFLEX INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ST  OCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Years Ended June 30, 1998, 1997 and 1996 (In thousands)  S-5  AEROFLEX INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) S-6  AEROFLEX INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Principles and Policies Principles of Consolidation The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Aeroflex Incorporated and its subsidiaries (the "Company"), all of which are wholly- owned. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires that management of the Company make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Among the more significant estimates included in the financial statements are the estimated costs to complete contracts in process. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments having maturities of three months or less at the date of acquisition to be cash equivalents. Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market. Inventories related to long-term contracts are recorded at cost less amounts expensed under percentage-of- completion accounting. Financial Instruments The fair values of all financial instruments, other than long-term debt and the convertible debentures (see Notes 7 and 8), approximate book values because of the short maturity of these instruments. Revenue and Cost Recognition on Contracts Revenue is recognized based upon shipments or billings. The Company records gross profit on its long-term contracts using percentage-of-completion accounting under which costs are recognized on revenues in the same relation that total estimated manufacturing costs bear to total contract value. Estimated costs at completion are based upon engineering and production estimates. Provisions for estimated losses or revisions in estimated profits on contracts-in-process are recorded in the period in which such losses or revisions are first determined. Property, Plant and Equipment Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the life of the lease or the estimated life of the asset, whichever is shorter. Research and Development Costs All research and development costs are charged to expense as incurred. See Note 2 for a discussion of purchased in-process research and development. S-7  Intangible Assets Intangible assets are recorded at cost, less accumulated amortization. The excess of purchase price over the fair value of tangible assets acquired is being amortized on a straight-line basis over periods ranging from 20 to 40 years except for certain costs allocated to existing technology, workforce in-place, customer relationships and patents which are amortized over 13 to 15 years, the estimated remaining lives of the intangibles at the time they were acquired by the Company. The Company periodically evaluates the recoverability of the carrying value of its intangible assets and the related amortization periods. The Company assesses the recoverability of unamortized goodwill based on the undiscounted projected future earnings of the related businesses. As of June 30, 1998, the cost in excess of fair value of net assets of businesses acquired consists substantially of $8,398,000 related to the 1989 acquisition of Comstron Corporation, a manufacturer of frequency synthesizers, subsystems and components. Long-Lived Assets Effective July 1, 1996 the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 121, "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed Of", which requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles to be held and used or disposed of by an entity be reviewed for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The adoption of SFAS No. 121 did not have any impact on the Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations. Income (Loss) Per Share For the year ended June 30, 1998, the Company has adopted SFAS No. 128 "Earnings Per Share." In accordance with SFAS No. 128, earnings per common share ("Basic EPS") is computed by dividing net income by weighted average common shares outstanding. Earnings per common share assuming dilution ("Diluted EPS") is computed by dividing net income plus a pro forma addback of debenture interest by weighted average common shares outstanding plus potential dilution from the conversion of debentures and the exercise of stock options and warrants. Income (loss) per share amounts for prior periods have been restated to conform to the provisions of SFAS No. 128. Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation The Company records compensation expense for employee and director stock options only if the current market price of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price on the date of the grant. Effective July 1, 1996, the Company adopted SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation." The Company has elected not to implement the fair value based accounting method for employee and director stock options, but instead has elected to disclose the pro forma net earnings and pro forma earnings per share for employee and director stock option grants made beginning in fiscal 1996 as if such method had been used to account for stock-based compensation cost as described in SFAS No. 123. Income Taxes In accordance with SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes", the Company measures deferred tax assets and liabilities based upon the differences between the financial accounting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Reclassifications Reclassifications have been made to the 1997 and 1996 consolidated financial statements to conform to the 1998 presentation. S-8  2.Acquisition of Businesses MIC Effective March 19, 1996, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of MIC Technology Corporation ("MIC") for approximately $36,000,000 of cash, 300,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 400,000 shares of common stock (at exercise prices ranging from $7.05 to $7.50 per share). The purchase price was paid with available cash of approximately $9,000,000 and borrowings under the Company's bank loan agreement of approximately $27,000,000. MIC manufactures high frequency thin film circuits and interconnects for miniaturized, high frequency, high performance electronic products for growing commercial markets such as wireless communications, satellite based communications hardware and high technology military electronics. The acquired company's net sales were approximately $25,000,000 for its fiscal year ended October 31, 1995. The Company commissioned an independent asset valuation study of acquired tangible and identifiable intangible assets to serve as a basis for allocation of the purchase price. Based on this study, the Company allocated the purchase price as follows: The identifiable intangible assets which include existing technology, customer relationships and assembled work force are being amortized on a straight-line basis over thirteen years based on the study described above. The acquired in-process research and development was not considered to have reached technological feasibility and, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the value of such was expensed in the third quarter of fiscal 1996. Summarized below are the unaudited pro forma results of operations of the Company as if MIC had been acquired at the beginning of the fiscal period presented. The pro forma financial information presented above for the MIC acquisition is not necessarily indicative of either the results of operations that would have occurred had the acquisition taken place at the beginning of the period presented or of future operating results of the combined companies. S-9  Lintek In January 1995, the Company acquired substantially all of the net operating assets of Lintek, Inc. ("Lintek") for $537,000 plus contingent consideration based on the next five years' earnings to a maximum of an additional $675,000. Additional consideration of $249,000, $162,000 and $63,000 was earned as of December 31, 1997, 1996 and 1995 and paid in March 1998 and February 1997 and 1996, respectively. Such amounts, and any further contingent consideration earned, will be treated as cost in excess of fair value of net assets acquired. Lintek designs, develops and manufactures radar cross section and antenna pattern measurement systems for commercial and military applications, as well as surface penetrating radars. The acquisitions have been accounted for as purchases and, accordingly, the acquired assets and liabilities assumed have been recorded at their estimated fair values at the respective dates of acquisition. The operating results of MIC and Lintek are included in the consolidated statements of operations from the respective acquisition dates. 3. Acquisition of Assets From Lucent Technologies Effective July 1, 1997, the Company's subsidiary, MIC, acquired certain equipment, inventory, licenses for technology and patents of two of Lucent Technologies' microelectronics components units - multi-chip modules and film integrated circuits - for approximately $4,400,000 in cash. These units manufacture microelectronic modules and interconnect products. The Company has also signed a multi-year supply agreement to provide Lucent with film integrated circuits for use in telecommunications applications. The purchase price has been allocated to the assets acquired, based on their fair values, and certain obligations assumed relating to the agreements. 4. Inventories Inventories consist of the following: Inventories include contracts-in-process of $13,227,000 and $3,318,000 at June 30, 1998 and 1997, respectively, which consist substantially of unbilled material, labor and overhead costs that are or were expected to be billed during the succeeding fiscal year. 5. Property, Plant and Equipment Property, plant and equipment consists of the following: S-10 Repairs and maintenance expense on property, plant and equipment was $1,384,000, $1,131,000 and $481,000 for the years ended June 30, 1998, 1997 and 1996, respectively. 6.Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities include accrued salaries, wages and other compensation of $4,311,000 and $2,874,000 at June 30, 1998 and 1997, respectively. 7.Long-Term Debt and Credit Arrangements Long-term debt consists of the following: Aggregate long-term debt as of June 30, 1998 matures in each fiscal year as follows: Interest paid was $2,099,000, $2,647,000 and $1,584,000 during the years ended June 30, 1998, 1997 and 1996, respectively. (a) As of March 31, 1998, the Company replaced a previous agreement with a revised revolving credit agreement with two banks which is secured by substantially all of the Company's assets. The agreement provides for a revolving credit line of $27,000,000, which expires on March 31, 2001. The interest rate on borrowings under this agreement is at various rates depending upon certain financial ratios, with the present rate substantially equivalent to the prime rate (8.5% at June 30, 1998). The Company has entered into an interest rate swap agreement for the $4,720,000 then outstanding under the revolving credit line at 7.6% in order to reduce the interest rate risk associated with these outstanding borrowings. The Company paid a facility fee of $20,000 and is required to pay a commitment fee of 1/4% per annum of the average unused portion of the credit line. The terms of the agreement require compliance with certain covenants including minimum consolidated tangible net worth and pretax earnings, maintenance of certain financial ratios, limitations on capital expenditures and indebtedness and prohibition of the payment of cash dividends. In connection with the purchase of certain materials for use in manufacturing, the Company has a letter of credit facility of $2,000,000. At June 30, 1998, the Company's available unused line of credit was approximately $20,000,000 after consideration of the letter of credit. The Company believes that the carrying amount of this debt approximates fair value after considering the interest rate swap agreement discussed above, since the interest rate is effectively fixed at a rate commensurate with rates available to the Company under similar terms. S-11 (b) During the year ended June 30, 1998, the Company entered into equipment loans with two banks totaling $6,232,000. The loans are repayable monthly through July 2004 and bear interest at a floating rate 200 basis points above the 30-day London Interbank Offered Rate (7.6 and 7.7% at June 30, 1998). The Company believes that the carrying amount of this debt approximates fair value since the interest rate is variable and the margins are consistent with those available to the Company under similar terms. (c) The Company has various capitalized lease obligations with financial institutions which have various terms through 2000 and interest rates ranging from 7.1% to 9.5%. 8.Senior Subordinated Convertible Debentures During June 1994, the Company completed a sale of $10,000,000 principal amount of 7-1/2% Senior Subordinated Convertible Debentures to non-U.S. persons. The net proceeds from the offering were used initially to retire certain bank indebtedness and for general working capital with excess proceeds placed in temporary short term bank related investments until ultimately used for the purchase of MIC. The debentures were convertible into the Company's common stock at a price of $5.625 per share. On September 8, 1997, the Company called for the redemption of all outstanding 7-1/2% Senior Subordinated Convertible Debentures at 104.5% of the principal amount. All of the principal amount of the Company's 7-1/2% Senior Subordinated Convertible Debentures was converted. In connection with the conversions, $599,000 of deferred bond issuance costs were charged to additional paid-in capital. 9. Stockholders' Equity (a) Common Stock Offering In March 1998, the Company sold 2,597,000 shares of its Common Stock in a public offering for $31,285,000, net of an underwriting discount of $1,973,000 and issuance costs of $496,000. Of these net proceeds, $9,639,000 was used to repay bank indebtedness. The balance of the net proceeds, which is included in cash and cash equivalents, will be used for general corporate purposes, including working capital, capital expenditures and facilities expansion and may be used for potential acquisitions. (b) Stock Option Plans Under the Company's stock option plans, options may be granted to purchase shares of the Company's common stock exercisable at prices equal to the fair market value on the date of grant. During 1990, the Company's shareholders approved the Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (the "NQSOP"). In December 1993, the Board of Directors adopted the Outside Director Stock Option Plan (the "Directors' Plan") which provides for options to non-employee directors, which become exercisable in three installments and expire ten years from the date of grant. The Directors' Plan, as amended, covers 500,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock. In November 1994, the shareholders approved this plan and the 1994 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (the "1994 Plan"). In November 1996, the shareholders approved the 1996 Stock Option Plan (the "1996 Plan"). In April 1998, the Board of Directors adopted the 1998 Stock Option Plan (the "1998 Plan"). The NQSOP, the 1994 Plan, the 1996 Plan and the 1998 Plan provide for options which become exercisable in one or more installments and each covers 1,500,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock. Options under the NQSOP and the 1994 Plan expire five years from the date of grant. Options under the 1996 Plan and the 1998 Plan shall expire not later than ten years from the date of grant. The Company has also issued to employees, who are not executive officers, options to purchase 275,000 shares of common stock exercisable at $4.00 per share. Such grants were not covered by one of the above plans. S-12 Additional information with respect to the Company's stock options is as follows: Options to purchase 2,317,000, 2,168,000 and 2,092,000 shares were exercisable at weighted average exercise prices of $3.90, $3.61 and $3.06 as of June 30, 1998, 1997 and 1996, respectively. The options outstanding as of June 30, 1998 are summarized in ranges as follows: S-13  The per share weighted average fair value of stock options granted during fiscal 1998, 1997 and 1996 was $7.39, $2.37 and $1.31, respectively, on the date of grant using the Black Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions: 1998 - expected dividend yield of 0%, risk free interest rate of 5.8%, expected stock volatility of 80%, and an expected option life of 7.4 years; 1997 - expected dividend yield of 0%, risk free interest rate of 6.3%, expected stock volatility of 40%, and an expected option life of 7.4 years; 1996 - expected dividend yield of 0%, risk free interest rate of 5.4%, expected stock volatility of 30%, and an expected option life of 4.3 years. (c) Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation. In October 1995, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation," which the Company adopted in fiscal 1997. The Company has chosen not to implement the fair value based accounting method for employee and director stock options, but has elected to disclose the pro forma net income and earnings per share as if such method had been used to account for stock-based compensation cost as described in SFAS No. 123. The pro forma compensation cost before income taxes, based on the fair value at the grant date for options granted only in fiscal years 1998, 1997 and 1996 was $2,021,000, $783,000 and $429,000 for the years ended June 30, 1998, 1997 and 1996, respectively. The Company's net income (loss) and net income (loss) per share using this pro forma compensation cost would have been:   As a result of the loss, all options, warrants and convertible debentures are anti-dilutive. Since the pro forma compensation cost reflects only options granted in fiscal years 1998, 1997 and 1996, the full impact of calculating stock-based compensation costs under SFAS No. 123 is not reflected in the pro forma net income (loss) because compensation cost is recognized over the respective vesting period and compensation cost for options granted prior to fiscal year 1996 was not reflected. S-14  (d) Shareholders' Rights Plan In August 1988, the Company's Board of Directors approved a Shareholders' Rights Plan which provided for rights which would have become exercisable only in the event a person or group accumulated 20 percent or more of the Company's common shares. The rights expired on August 30, 1998 and a new Shareholders' Rights Plan was approved. See Note 15 for a discussion of this new plan. (e) Earnings Per Share A reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the Basic EPS and Diluted EPS calculations is as follows: Options to purchase 290,000 shares at an exercise price of $13.44 per share were outstanding as of June 30, 1998 but were not included in the computation of Diluted EPS because the exercise prices of these options were greater than the average market price of the common shares. S-15  10. Income Taxes The provision (benefit) for income taxes consists of the following: The provision for income taxes varies from the amount computed by applying the U.S. Federal income tax rate to income (loss) before income taxes as a result of the following: S-16  Deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of: In accordance with SFAS No. 109, the Company records a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. The Company is undergoing routine audits by various taxing authorities of its state and local income tax returns covering periods from 1994 to 1996. Management believes that the probable outcome of these various audits should not materially affect the consolidated financial statements of the Company. The Company made income tax payments of $2,123,000, $1,468,000 and $588,000 and received refunds of $26,000, $1,117,000 and $268,000 during the years ended June 30, 1998, 1997 and 1996, respectively. A tax benefit of $1,641,000 was credited to additional paid-in capital during the year ended June 30, 1998 in connection with the exercise of stock options and warrants. 11. Employment Contracts In February 1997, the Company entered into employment agreements, as amended, with certain of its officers for periods through December 31, 2002 with  annual remuneration ranging from $180,000 to $289,000, plus cost of living adjustments and, in some cases, additional compensation based upon earnings of the Company. Future aggregate minimum payments under these contracts are $1,007,000 per year. In addition, these officers have the option to terminate their employment agreements upon change in control of the Company, as defined, and receive lump sum payments equal to three times annual compensation, as defined, or, in one case, a lump sum payment equal to the salary for the remainder of the term. S-17  12. Employee Benefit Plans The Aeroflex Incorporated Employees' 401(k) Plan (the "ARX 401(k)") was established pursuant to Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. All employees of the Company and certain subsidiaries who are not members of a collective bargaining agreement may participate in the ARX 401(k). Each participant has the option to contribute a portion of his or her compensation. For each of the 1998, 1997 and 1996 calendar years, the Board of Directors has elected to provide an employer contribution, which vests immediately, equal to 30% of employee contributions subject to certain limitations. The ARX 401(k) expense for the fiscal years ended June 30, 1998, 1997 and 1996 was $298,000, $263,000 and $230,000, respectively. Employees of MIC Technology, who are excluded from the ARX 401(k), are eligible to participate in the MIC 401(k) Plan and MIC Profit Sharing Plan (the "MIC Plans"). In addition to contributing a portion of his or her compensation and receiving an employer contribution, eligible employees also receive an allocation of a discretionary share of the MIC Technology profits. The MIC Plans' expense was $512,000, $450,000 and $104,000 for the fiscal years ended June 30, 1998 and 1997 and for the period from acquisition to June 30, 1996, respectively. Effective January 1, 1994, the Company established a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the "SERP") which provides retirement, death and disability benefits to certain of its officers. The SERP expense for the fiscal years ended June 30, 1998, 1997 and 1996 was $324,000, $300,000 and $217,000, respectively. The assets of the SERP are held in a Rabbi Trust and amounted to $744,000 and $386,000 at June 30, 1998 and 1997, respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation was $1,695,000 and $1,259,000 at June 30, 1998 and 1997, respectively. No participants are currently receiving benefits. 13. Commitments and Contingencies a. Operating Leases Several of the Company's operating facilities and certain machinery and equipment are leased under agreements expiring through 2005. The leases for machinery and equipment generally contain options to purchase at the then fair market value of the related leased assets. Future minimum payments under operating leases as of June 30, 1998 are as follows for the fiscal years: These future minimum payments exclude payments under a lease of the Company's Pearl River, New York facility which was terminated upon the Company's purchase of the facility in July 1998 as further described in Note 15. Rental expense was $1,869,000, $1,560,000 and $790,000 during the fiscal years 1998, 1997 and 1996, respectively. S-18  b. Legal Matters A subsidiary of the Company whose operations were discontinued in 1991, is one of several defendants named in a personal injury action initiated in August, 1994, by a group of plaintiffs. The plaintiffs are seeking damages which cumulatively exceed $500 million. The complaint alleges, among other things, that the plaintiffs suffered injuries from exposure to substances contained in products sold by the subsidiary to one of its customers. This action is in the early stages of discovery. Based upon available information and considering its various defenses, together with its product liability insurance, in the opinion of management of the Company the outcome of the action against its subsidiary will not have a materially adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements. The Company is involved in various other routine legal matters. Management believes the outcome of these matters will not have a materially adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 14. Business Segments The Company's business segments and major products included in each segment, are as follows: Microelectronics: Isolator Products: a)Microelectronic Modules a)Commercial spring and rubber isolators (VMC) (Circuit Technology) b)Industrial spring and rubber isolators b)Thin Film Interconnects (Korfund) (MIC Technology) c)Military wire-rope isolators (Aeroflex International) Test, Measurement and Other Electronics: a)Instrument products (Comstron and Lintek) b)Motion Control Systems - Scanning devices - Stabilization and tracking devices - Magnetic devices S-19  The Company is a manufacturer of advanced technology systems and components for commercial industry, government and defense contractors. Approximately 42%, 50% and 65% of the Company's sales for the fiscal years 1998, 1997 and 1996, respectively, were to agencies of the United States government or to prime defense contractors or subcontractors of the United States government. The only customers which constituted more than 10% of the Company's sales during any year in the period presented were Lucent Technologies which comprised 15.5% of sales in fiscal year 1998 and Lockheed Martin and Hughes which comprised 13.3% and 11.7% of sales in fiscal year 1997, respectively. S-20  15. Subsequent Events a. Purchase of MIC's Pearl River Facility In July 1998, the Company purchased a previously leased operating facility in Pearl River, New York for $2,500,000 in cash. b. Shareholders' Rights Plan On August 13, 1998, the Company's Board of Directors approved a Shareholders' Rights Plan which provides for a dividend distribution of one right for each share to holders of record of the Company's common stock on August 31, 1998 and the issuance of one right for each share of common stock that shall be subsequently issued. The rights will become exercisable only in the event a person or group ("Acquiring Person") accumulates 15% or more of the Company's common stock, or if an Acquiring Person announces an offer which would result in it owning 15% or more of the common stock. The rights will expire on August 31, 2008. Each right will entitle the holder to buy one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, as amended, of the Company at a price of $65. In addition, upon the occurrence of a merger or other business combination, or the acquisition by an Acquiring Person of 50% or more of the common stock, holders of the rights, other than the Acquiring Person, will be entitled to purchase either common stock of the Company or common stock of the Acquiring Person at half their respective market value. The Company will be entitled to redeem the rights for $.01 per right at any time prior to a person becoming an Acquiring Person. S-21  Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited): (In thousands except per share data) Since per share information is computed independently for each quarter and the full year, based on the respective average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding, the sum of the quarterly per share amounts does not necessarily equal the per share amounts for each year. S-22  AEROFLEX INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS (In thousands) S-23  INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT Board of Directors Aeroflex Incorporated: We consent to incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 33-75496, 33-88868, 33-88878, 333-42399 and 333-42405) on Form S-8 and (Nos. 333-15339, 333-21803 and 333-46689) on Form S-3 of Aeroflex Incorporated of our report dated August 13,1998, relating to the consolidated balance sheets of Aeroflex Incorporated and subsidaries as of June 30, 1998 and 1997 and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows and related schedule for each of the years in the three-year period ended June 30, 1998 which report appears in the June 30, 1998 annual report on Form 10-K of Aeroflex Incorporated. /s/ KPMG Peat Marwick LLP KPMG PEAT MARWICK LLP Jericho, New York September 25, 1998  EX-3.1 2  PAGE 1 State of Delaware Office of the Secretary of State ------------------------------ I, EDWARD J. FREEL, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF "AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED", FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE THIRD DAY OF JANUARY, A.D. 1961, AT 10 O'CLOCK A.M. [SEAL OMITTED] /s/ Edward J. Freel [SEAL OMITTED] ----------------------------------------- Edward J. Freel, Secretary of State 0561329 8100 AUTHENTICATION: 7276018 944200245 DATE: 10-20-94  ==================================================================== ============ AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED ----------------------- CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION ----------------------- Incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware ================================================ ================================  CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION of AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED -------------------- We, the undersigned, for the purpose of associating to establish a corporation for the transaction of the business and the promotion and conduct of the objects and purposes hereinafter stated, under the provisions, and subject to the requirements, of the laws of the State of Delaware (particularly Chapter 1 of Title 8 of the Delaware Code of 1953, known as the "General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware", and the acts amendatory thereof, supplemental thereto or substituted therefor), do make and file this Certificate of Incorporation in writing and do hereby certify as follows: FIRST: The name of the corporation (hereinafter called the Corporation) is AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED SECOND: The respective names of the County and of the City within the County in which the principal office of the Corporation is to be located in the State of Delaware are the County of New Castle and the City of Wilmington. The name of the resident agent of the Corporation is The Corporation Trust Company.  2 The street and number of said principal office and the address by street and number of said resident agent is No. 100 West Tenth Street, in the City of Wilmington, State of Delaware. THIRD: The nature of the business of the Corporation and the objects and purposes to be transacted, promoted or carried on by it, are as follows: (a) To manufacture, process, prepare, design, develop, experiment with, equip, remodel, construct, acquire, hold, use, operate, buy, sell, lease, install, repair, service, import, export, trade and deal in and with, and to grant, receive and exercise licenses, rights and privileges in respect of the development, production, use and marketing of, any and all equipment, machines, machinery, apparatus, instruments, fixtures, appliances, devices and contrivances of any kind or nature whatsoever which perform image-forming sensory functions in the field of aerial or space reconnaissance, or which are used in any field for the control, receipt, generation, transmission, conversion, amplification or use of energy, power, light, signals or information or other data, whether based upon, involving or applying principles of electricity, electronics, mechanics, or otherwise, and any and all components, sub-assemblies, parts, appurtenances and accessories thereof, and any and all other products, materials and other things manufactured for use in or in connection with or by the use of, or used or suitable for use in or in connection with, the foregoing, and to engage in the performance of services and other related activities in connection therewith; (b) To make, manufacture, experiment with, develop, assemble, use, repair, buy, sell, lease and otherwise deal in and with machines, machinery, engines, motors, equipment, apparatus, instruments, fixtures, appliances, devices and contrivances of any kind or nature whatsoever and any parts, accessories or improvements of any thereof, of any kind  3 or nature whatsoever, and any and all other goods, articles, materials, wares and merchandise of any kind or nature whatsoever, and to engage and participate in any industrial, manufacturing, mercantile, or trading business of any kind or character whatsoever; (c) To conduct and carry on any experimental and research work in engineering and scientific fields, and to render to any person, firm, association or corporation engaged in any lawful adventure, enterprise or business, services of an engineering, scientific, business or technical nature, or concerned with the management of any business program or the production, sale, operation or servicing of any equipment, product or article of any kind whatsoever; (d) To acquire by purchase or otherwise, erect, construct, improve, maintain, operate, equip, hold, own, improve, develop, manage, lease, mortgage, create liens upon, sell, convey, or otherwise dispose of or turn to account buildings, factories, plants, laboratories, offices, shops, storehouses, tanks, buildings, roads, machinery, cars and other vehicles, and works, structures, machines and apparatus of all kinds, and any and all rights and privileges therein, in so far as the same may appertain to or be useful in the conduct of the business of the Corporation; (e) To develop, adopt, apply for, obtain, register, purchase, take licenses in respect of or otherwise acquire, maintain, protect, hold, use, own, exercise, develop, operate, introduce, sell and grant licenses or other rights in respect of, and assign or otherwise dispose of or turn to account, any inventions, devices, formulae, processes, improvements and modifications thereof, patents, patent rights, concessions, copyrights and distinctive marks and rights analogous thereto, trademarks and trade names, including such thereof as may be covered by, used in connection with, or secured or received under, the laws of the United States of America or of any other jurisdiction; 4 (f) To acquire by purchase, exchange, lease or otherwise, and to own, hold, develop, operate, sell, assign, lease, transfer, convey, exchange, mortgage, pledge or otherwise dispose of or encumber property, real or personal, tangible or intangible, of any class or description, wheresoever situated, and rights and privileges therein; (g) To borrow or raise moneys for any of the purposes of the Corporation, without limit as to amount; from time to time to issue and sell, exchange, pledge or otherwise dispose of its own securities in such amounts, on such terms and conditions, for such purposes and for such consideration, now or hereafter permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware and by this Certificate of Incorporation as the Board of Directors of the Corporation (hereinafter called the Board of Directors) may determine; and to secure such securities by mortgage upon, or the pledge of, or the conveyance or assignment in trust of, the whole or any part of the properties, assets, business and good will of the Corporation, then owned or thereafter acquired; (h) To acquire by purchase, exchange, lease or otherwise all, or any part of, or any interest in, the properties, assets, business and good will of any one or more persons, partnerships, syndicates, firms, associations or corporations heretofore or hereafter engaged in any business for which a corporation may now or hereafter be organized under the laws of the State of Delaware; to pay for the same in cash, property or its own or other securities; to hold, operate, reorganize, liquidate, sell or in any manner dispose of the whole or any part thereof; and, in connection therewith, to assume or guarantee performance of any liabilities, obligations or contracts of such persons, partnerships, syndicates, firms, associations or corporations, and to conduct the whole or any part of any business thus acquired; (i) To acquire by purchase, subscription, exchange or otherwise, to hold, mortgage, pledge, sell, assign, transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose of securities, and to pay therefor, in whole or in part, with cash or other property, or with shares, bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations,  5 of the Corporation, or in any other lawful manner whatsoever; and, while the owner or holder of any such securities, to possess and exercise in respect thereof all the rights, powers and privileges of ownership, including the right to vote thereon or consent in respect thereof for any and all purposes; and, upon a distribution or division of the profits or assets of the Corporation, to distribute any such securities; the term "securities" as used herein to include, without limitation, shares of stock, bonds, debentures, notes, mortgages or other evidences of indebtedness, and certificates, receipts or other instruments representing rights to receive, purchase or subscribe for the same, or representing any other rights or interests therein or in any property or assets, created or issued by any person, firm, association, corporation, or government or subdivision thereof; (j) To enter into, make, perform and carry out contracts and agreements of every kind and description which may be necessary, appropriate, convenient or advisable in carrying out the business of the Corporation, with any person, corporation, association, partnership, firm, trustee, syndicate, individual, government, state, municipality or other governmental division or subdivision; (k) To lend its uninvested funds from time to time to such extent, to such persons, firms, associations, corporations, syndicates, governments or subdivisions, instrumentalities or agencies thereof, and on such terms and on such security, if any, as the Board of Directors may determine; (l) To endorse or guarantee the payment of principal, interest or dividends upon, and to guarantee the performance of sinking fund or other obligations of, any securities, and to guarantee the performance of any contracts or other undertakings in which the Corporation may otherwise be or become interested, in so far as may be permitted by law; (m) To purchase, hold, cancel, reissue, sell, exchange, transfer or otherwise deal in its own securities, from time to time, to such an extent and in such manner and upon such terms as the Board of Directors may determine; provided that the Corporation  6 shall not use its funds or property for the purchase of its own shares of capital stock when such use would cause any impairment of its capital, except as otherwise permitted by law; and provided further that shares of its own capital stock belonging to the Corporation shall not be voted upon directly or indirectly; (n) To organize or cause to be organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, or of any other State of the United States of America, or of the District of Columbia, or of any territory, dependency, colony or possession of the United States of America, or of any foreign country, a corporation or corporations for the purpose of transacting, promoting or carrying on any of or all the objects or purposes for which the Corporation is organized, and to dissolve, wind up, liquidate, merge or consolidate any such corporation or corporations or to cause the same to be dissolved, wound up, liquidated, merged or consolidated; (o) To carry out all or any part of the foregoing purposes as principal, factor, agent, contractor or otherwise, either alone or in conjunction with any person, firm, association or other corporation and in any part of the world; (p) To conduct its business in any and all of its branches in the State of Delaware, and in any and all other states, territories, possessions, colonies and dependencies of the United States of America, and in the District of Columbia, and in any and all foreign countries; to have one or more offices within and without the State of Delaware; and to carry on all and any of its operations and business without restriction or limit as to amount; and (q) To do any and all things necessary, suitable, convenient or proper for, or in connection with, or incidental to, the accomplishment of any of the purposes herein enumerated, or designed directly or indirectly to promote the interests of the Corporation, or to enhance the value of any of its properties or rights; and, in general, to do any and all things and exercise any and all powers  7 which it may now or hereafter be lawful for the Corporation to do or to exercise under the laws of the State of Delaware; and to execute from time to time such general or special powers of attorney, and to such person or persons as the Board of Directors may approve, granting to such person or persons such powers as the Board of Directors may deem proper, and to revoke such powers of attorney as and when the Board of Directors may desire. It is the intention that the objects and purposes set forth in the foregoing clauses of this Article THIRD shall not, unless otherwise specified herein, be in any wise limited or restricted by reference to, or inference from, the terms of any other clause of this or any other article in this Certificate of Incorporation, but that the objects and purposes set forth in each of the clauses of this Article shall be regarded as independent objects and purposes. It is also the intention that said clauses shall be construed as powers, as well as objects and purposes, and that the foregoing enumeration of specific powers shall not be held to limit or restrict in any manner the general powers of the Corporation, and, generally, that the Corporation shall be authorized to do all things and exercise any and all powers, rights and privileges which a corporation may now or hereafter be organized to do or exercise under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or under any act amendatory thereof, supplemental thereto or substituted therefor; provided, however, that the Corporation shall not, in any state, district,  8 territory, province, possession or country, carry on any business, or exercise any powers, except to the extent that a similar corporation organized under the laws of said state, district, territory, province, possession or country could carry on such business or exercise such powers therein. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Certificate of Incorporation, the Corporation shall not have power or authority to issue bills, notes or other evidences of debt for circulation as money, or to carry on the business of receiving deposits of money or the business of buying gold or silver bullion or foreign coins, or to engage in the business of banking or insurance, or to carry on the business of constructing, maintaining or operating public utilities in the State of Delaware. FOURTH: The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is seven hundred fifty thousand (750,000), and the par value of each of such shares shall be One Dollar ($1). All such shares shall be of one class and shall be designated Common Stock. The minimum amount of capital with which the Corporation shall commence business is One thousand Dollars ($1,000). FIFTH: The names and places of residence of each of the incorporators are as follows:  9 Name Place of Residence ---- ------------------ W.D. Ford 30 Sutton Place, New York 22, N.Y. Robert V. Zener 415 East 80th St., New York 21, N.Y. W.J. Schrenk, Jr. 34 East 62nd St., New York 21, N.Y. SIXTH: The Corporation is to have perpetual existence. SEVENTH: The private property of the stockholders of the Corporation shall not be subject to the payment of corporate debts to any extent whatever. EIGHTH: For the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation, and in further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Corporation and of its directors and stockholders, it is further provided: 1. The number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed by, or in the manner provided in, its by-laws, but in no case shall the number be less than three. A director need not be a stockholder. The election of directors of the Corporation need not be by ballot unless the by-laws so require. One-third of the directors (but not less than two) shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, unless the by-laws shall provide that a different number shall constitute a quorum, which in no case shall be less 10 than one-third of the total number of directors nor less than two directors. 2. In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized and empowered: (a) To make, alter, amend or repeal the by-laws of the Corporation, in any manner not inconsistent with the laws of the State of Delaware or the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, subject to the power of the stockholders of the Corporation having voting power to alter, amend or repeal the by-laws made by the Board of Directors; (b) Subject to the applicable provisions of the by-laws then in effect, to determine, from time to time, whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under what conditions and regulations the accounts and books and documents of the Corporation, or any of them, shall be open to the inspection of stockholders; and a stockholder shall not have any right to inspect any account or book or document of the Corporation, except as conferred by the laws of the  11 State of Delaware, unless and until authorized so to do by resolution of the Board of Directors or of the stockholders of the Corporation; (c) Without the assent or vote of the stockholders, to authorize and issue, from time to time, obligations of the Corporation, secured or unsecured, to include therein such provisions as to redeemability, convertibility into shares of stock of the Corporation or otherwise, and to authorize the mortgaging or pledging, as security therefor, of any property, real or personal, then owned or thereafter acquired by the Corporation, all as the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may determine; (d) To determine whether any, and, if any, what part, of the annual net profits of the Corporation or of its net assets in excess of its capital shall be declared in dividends and paid to the stockholders, and to direct and determine the use and disposition of any such annual net profits or net assets in excess of capital; (e) To fix from time to time the amount of the profits of the Corporation to be reserved as working capital or for any other lawful purpose;  12 (f) To establish bonus, profit- sharing, retirement or other types of incentive or compensation plans for the officers and employees (including officers and employees who are also directors) of the Corporation and to determine the persons to participate in any such plans and the amount of their respective participations; and in connection with the acquisition of all or any part of the property, assets, business and good will of any persons, firms, associations or corporations, to assume, adopt or enter into any such plans previously established by such persons, firms, associations or corporations; (g) To issue and sell or grant options for the purchase of shares of stock of the Corporation or shares of stock of any other corporation to officers and employees (including officers and employees who are also directors) of the Corporation and its subsidiaries for such consideration and on such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine; (h) By resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, to designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of two (2) or  13 more of the directors of the Corporation, which to the extent provided in said resolution or in the by- laws, shall have and may exercise the powers of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation and may have power to authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it, such committee or committees to have such name or names as may be stated in the by-laws or as may be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors; and (i) In addition to the powers and authorities hereinbefore and by the laws of the State of Delaware expressly conferred upon the Board of Directors, to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation, subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of the laws of the State of Delaware, of this Certificate of Incorporation and of the by-laws of the Corporation. 3. Any director or officer elected or appointed by the stockholders of the Corporation or by its Board  14 of Directors may be removed at any time in such manner as shall be provided in the by-laws of the Corporation. 4. In the absence of fraud, no contract or other transaction between the Corporation any any other corporation, and no act of the Corporation, shall in any way be invalidated or otherwise affected by the fact that any one or more of the directors of the Corporation are pecuniarily or otherwise interested in, or are directors or officers of, such other corporation or have a pecuniary or other interest in such act. Any director of the Corporation individually, or any firm or association of which any director may be a member, may be a party to, or may be pecuniarily or otherwise interested in, any contract or transaction of the Corporation, provided that the fact that he individually or such firm or association is such a party or so interested shall be disclosed or shall have been known to the Board of Directors or a majority of the members thereof who shall be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors at which action upon any such contract or transaction shall be taken; and any director of the Corporation who is also a director or officer of such other corporation or who  15 is so interested, may be counted in determining the existence of a quorum at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof which shall authorize any such contract or transaction, and may vote thereat to authorize any such contract or transaction, with like force and effect as if he were not such director or officer of such other corporation or not so interested. Any director of the Corporation may vote upon any contract or other transaction between the Corporation and any subsidiary or affiliated corporation without regard to the fact that he is also a director of such subsidiary or affiliated corporation. Any contract, transaction or act of the Corporation, or of the Board of Directors, or of any committee of the Board of Directors, which shall be ratified by a majority of a quorum of the holders of Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at any annual meeting, or at any special meeting called for such purpose, shall, in so far as permitted by law or by this Certificate of Incorporation, be as valid and as binding as though ratified by every such stockholder; provided, however, that any failure of the stockholders to approve or ratify any such contract, transaction or act, when and if submitted, shall not be deemed in any  16 way to invalidate the same or deprive the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees, of its or their right to proceed with such contract, transaction or act. 5. Subject to any limitation in the by-laws then in effect, the members of the Board of Directors shall be entitled to reasonable fees, salaries, or other compensation for their services and to reimbursement for their expenses as such members. Nothing contained herein shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation, or any subsidiary or affiliated corporation, in any other capacity and receiving proper compensation therefor. NINTH: The stockholders and the Board of Directors shall have the power, if the by-laws so provide, to hold their respective meetings outside of the State of Delaware, and, except as otherwise required by law, the corporate records, books, documents and papers of the Corporation may be kept outside of the State of Delaware. TENTH: The Company reserves the right from time to time to amend, alter, change, add to or repeal any provisions contained in this Certificate of Incorporation in any manner now or hereafter prescribed by law, and all rights and powers at any time conferred upon stockholders, directors 17 and officers of the Corporation by this Certificate of Incorporation or any amendment thereof are subject to the provisions of this Article TENTH. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we, the undersigned, being all of the incorporators hereinabove named, do hereby further certify that the facts hereinabove stated are truly set forth, and accordingly have hereunto set our respective hands and seals this 30th day of December, 1960. /s/ W. D. Ford [L.S.] ---------------------- /s/ Robert V. Zener [L.S.] ---------------------- /s/ W. J. Schrenk, Jr. [L.S.] ----------------------  STATE OF NEW YORK, ) ) ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK, ) BE IT REMEMBERED that on the 30th day of December, 1960, personally appeared before me, Mark D. Geraghty, a Notary Public in and for the County and State aforesaid, W. D. Ford, Robert V. Zener and W. J. Schrenk, Jr., all the incorporators who signed the foregoing Certificate of Incorporation, known to me personally to be such, and I having made known to them and to each of them the contents of said Certificate of Incorporation, they did severally acknowledge the same to be the act and deed of the signers, respectively, and that the facts therein stated are truly set forth. GIVEN under my hand and seal of office the day and year aforesaid. /s/ Mark D. Geraghty --------------------------------- Notary Public MARK D. GERAGHTY MARK D. GERAGHTY NOTARY PUBLIC Notary Public, State of New York STATE OF NEW YORK No. 60-6490510 Qualified in Westchester County Cert. filed in New Y  ork Co. Clerk Term Expires March 30, 1962  PAGE 1 State of Delaware Office of the Secretary of State -------------------------------- I, EDWARD J. FREEL, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF THE CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF "AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED", FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE FOURTH DAY OF MAY, A.D. 1961, AT 10 O'CLOCK A.M. [SEAL OMITTED] /s/ Edward J. Freel [SEAL OMITTED] ----------------------------------------- Edward J. Freel, Secretary of State 0561329 8100 AUTHENTICATION: 7276019 944200245 DATE: 10-20-94 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION BEFORE PAYMENT OF CAPITAL OF AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED We, the undersigned, being all the incorporators of Aeroflex Laboratories Incorporated, a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DO HEREBY CERTIFY: FIRST: That Article FOURTH of the Certificate of Incorporation be, and it hereby is, amended by adding thereto a third paragraph to read as follows: "At all elections of directors of the Corporation each stockholder shall be entitled to as many votes as shall equal the number of votes which (except for this provision as to cumulative voting) he would be entitled to cast for the election of directors with respect to his shares of stock multiplied by the number of directors to be elected. He may cast all of such votes for a single director or may distribute them among the number to be voted for, or any two or more of them as he may see fit." SECOND: That a new Article be, and it hereby is, added at the end of the Certificate of Incorporation to read as follows: "ELEVENTH: No holder of stock of the Corporation shall, as such holder, have any right to purchase or subscribe for any shares of stock of the Corporation of any class, now or hereafter authorized, or any obligations or instruments which the Corporation may issue or sell that shall be convertible into or exchangeable for or entitle the holders  thereof to subscribe for or purchase any shares of stock of the Corporation of any class, now or hereafter authorized, other than such right, if any, as the Board of Directors in its discretion may determine." THIRD: That no part of the capital of said Corporation has been paid, IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have signed this Certificate this 3rd, day of May, 1961. /s/ William D. Ford ---------------------- /s/ Robert V. Zener ---------------------- /s/ W. J. Schrenk, Jr. ---------------------- -2- STATE OF NEW YORK ) ) ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) BE IT REMEMBERED that on this 3rd day of May, A.D. 1961, personally came before me ANTHONY MAGGIO a Notary Public for the State of New York, W. D. Ford, Robert V. Zener and W. J. Schrenk, Jr., all of the incorporators of the foregoing corporation, known to me personally to be such and severally acknowledged the said amended certificate to be the act and deed of the signers respectively, and that the facts therein stated are truly set forth. GIVEN under my hand and seal of office the day and year aforesaid. /s/ Anthony Maggio ------------------------------------ Notary Public ANTHONY MAGGIO ANTHONY MAGGIO NOTARY PUBLIC Notary Public, State of New York STATE OF NEW YORK No. 41-2469000 Qualified in Queens County Certificate filed in New York County Commission Expires March 30, 1963 -3-  PAGE 1 State of Delaware Office of the Secretary of State -------------------------------- I, EDWARD J. FREEL, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF THE CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF "AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED", FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE SECOND DAY OF MARCH, A.D. 1976, AT 10 O'CLOCK A.M. [SEAL OMITTED] /s/ Edward J. Freel [SEAL OMITTED] ----------------------------------- Edward J. Freel, Secretary of State 0561329 8100 AUTHENTICATION: 7276020 944200245 DATE: 10-20-94 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED       AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED, a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, DOES HEREBY CERTIFY: FIRST: That at a meeting of the Board of Directors of AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED, resolutions were duly adopted setting forth a proposed amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of said corporation, declaring said amendment to be advisable and calling a meeting of the stockholders of said corporation for consideration thereof. The resolution setting forth the amendment is as follows: RESOLVED, that the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation be amended by changing the Article thereof numbered "FOURTH" so that, as amended, said Article shall be and read as follows: "FOURTH: The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is one million two hundred fifty thousand (1,250,000) and the par value or each of such shares shall be Ten Cents ($.10). All such shares shall be of one class and shall be designated Common stock.  At all elections of directors of the Corporation, each stockholder shall be entitled to as many votes as shall equal the number of votes which (except for this provision as to cumulative voting) he would be entitled to cast for the election of directors with respect to his shares of stock multiplied by the number of directors to be elected. He may cast all of such votes for a single director or may distribute them among the number to be voted for, or any two or more of them as he may see fit." SECOND: That thereafter, pursuant to resolution of its Board of Directors, a special meeting of the stockholders corporation was duly called and held, upon notice in accordance with Section 222 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, at which meeting the necessary number of shares required by statute were voted in favor of the amendment. THIRD: That said amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. FOURTH: That a Certificate of Reduction of capital pursuant to Section 244 (c) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware is being filed with this Certificate of Incorporation. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED has caused this Certificate to be signed by MILTON BRENNER, its President, and attested by MICHAEL L. EVANS, Secretary, this 26th day of February, 1976. AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED CORPORATE SEAL By /s/ Milton Brenner ------------------------- Milton Brenner, President ATTEST: By: /s/ Michael L. Evans --------------------------- Michael L. Evans, Secretary -2-  PAGE 1 State of Delaware Office of the Secretary of State -------------------------------- I, EDWARD J. FREEL, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF THE CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF "AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED", FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE TWENTY-FIRST DAY OF NOVEMBER, A.D. 1980, AT 10:30 O'CLOCK A.M. [SEAL OMITTED] /s/ Edward J. Freel [SEAL OMITTED] ----------------------------------- Edward J. Freel, Secretary of State 0561329 8100 AUTHENTICATION: 7276021 944200245 DATE: 10-20-94  CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED          AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED, a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, DOES HEREBY CERTIFY: FIRST: That at a meeting of the Board of Directors of AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED, resolutions were adopted setting forth a proposed amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of said corporation, declaring said amendment to be advisable and calling a meeting of the stockholders of said corporation for consideration thereof. SECOND: That thereafter, pursuant to resolution of its Board of Directors, the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of said corporation was duly called and held, upon notice in accordance with Section 222 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware at which meeting the necessary number of shares as required by statute were voted in favor of the following amendment: RESOLVED, that the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation be amended by changing the "first paragraph" of the Article thereof numbered "FOURTH" so that, as amended said paragraph shall be and read as follows: "FOURTH: The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is Four Million Two Hundred and Fifty Thousand (4,250,000) shares, of which Three Million Two Hundred Fifty Thousand (3,250,000) shares shall be shares of Common Stock of the  par value of Ten Cents ($.10) per share and One Million (1,000,000) shares shall be shares of Preferred Stock of the par value of Ten Cents ($.10) per share. The Preferred Stock may be issued in series and the number, designation, relative rights, preferences and limitations of shares of each series of Preferred Stock, $.10 per share par value shall be fixed by the Board of Directors." THIRD: That said amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED has caused this certificate to be signed by Milton Brenner, its President and attested by Harvey R. Blau its Secretary, this 24th day of November, 1980. AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED By: /s/ Milton Brenner ------------------------------ Milton Brenner, President ATTEST: /s/ Harvey R. Blau - ------------------------- Harvey R. Blau, Secretary  PAGE 1 State of Delaware Office of the Secretary of State -------------------------------- I, EDWARD J. FREEL, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF THE CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF "AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED", FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE EIGHTH DAY OF APRIL, A.D. 1983, AT 10 O'CLOCK A.M. [SEAL OMITTED] /s/ Edward J. Freel [SEAL OMITTED] ----------------------------------- Edward J. Freel, Secretary of State 0561329 8100 AUTHENTICATION: 7276022 944200245 DATE: 10-20-94  CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED        AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED, a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, DOES HEREBY CERTIFY: FIRST: That at a meeting of the Board of Directors of AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED, resolutions were adopted setting forth a proposed amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of said corporation, declaring said amendment to be advisable and calling a meeting of the stockholders of the corporation for consideration thereof. SECOND: That thereafter, pursuant to resolution of its Board of Directors, the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of said corporation was duly called and held, upon notice in accordance with Section 222 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware at which meeting the necessary number of shares as required by statute were voted in favor of the following amendment: RESOLVED, that the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation be amended by changing the "first paragraph" of the Article thereof numbered "FOURTH" so that, as amended said paragraph shall be and read as follows: "FOURTH: The total number of shares of all classes of stock, which the corporation shall have the authority to issue is SIX MILLION (6,000,000) shares, of which FIVE MILLION (5,000,000) shares shall be shares of Common Stock of the par value of Ten Cents ($.10) per share and ONE MILLION (1,000,000) shares shall be shares of Preferred Stock of the par value of Ten Cents ($.10) per share. The Preferred Stock may be issued in series and the number, designation, relative rights, preferences and limitations of shares of each series of Preferred Stock, Ten Cents ($.10) per share par value shall be fixed by the Board of Directors." THIRD: That said amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED has caused this certificate to be signed by Milton Brenner, its President and attested by Robert Ramistella, its Secretary, this 7th day of April, 1983. AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED By: /s/ Milton Brenner ------------------------------ Milton Brenner, President ATTEST: /s/ Robert Ramistella - ---------------------------- Robert Ramistella, Secretary  PAGE 1 State of Delaware Office of the Secretary of State -------------------------------- I, EDWARD J. FREEL, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF THE CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF "AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED", FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE TWENTY-THIRD DAY OF NOVEMBER, A.D. 1983, AT 10 O'CLOCK A.M. [SEAL OMITTED] /s/ Edward J. Freel [SEAL OMITTED] ----------------------------------- Edward J. Freel, Secretary of State 0561329 8100 AUTHENTICATION: 7276023 944200245 DATE: 10-20-94  CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED          AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED, a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, DOES HEREBY CERTIFY: FIRST: That at a meeting of the Board of Directors of AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED, resolutions were adopted setting forth a proposed amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of said corporation, declaring said amendment to be advisable and calling a meeting of the stockholders of the corporation for consideration thereof. SECOND: That thereafter, pursuant to resolution of its Board of Directors, the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of said corporation was duly called and held, upon notice in accordance with Section 222 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware at which meeting the necessary number of shares as required by statute were voted in favor of the following amendment:  RESOLVED, that the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation be amended by changing the first paragraph of the Article thereof numbered "FOURTH" so that, as amended, said paragraph shall be and read as follows: "FOURTH: The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the corporation shall have the authority to issue is SIXTEEN MILLION (16,000,000) shares, of which FIFTEEN MILLION (15,000,000) shares shall be shares of Common Stock of the par value of Ten Cents ($.10) per share and ONE MILLION (1,000,000) shares shall be shares of Preferred Stock of the par value of Ten Cents ($.10) per share. The Preferred Stock may be issued in series and the number, designation, relative rights, preferences and limitations of shares of each series of Preferred Stock, Ten Cents ($.10) per share par value shall be fixed by the Board of Directors." THIRD: That said amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED has caused this certificate to be signed by Milton Brenner, its President and attested by Frank DiMaio, its Secretary, this 11th day of November, 1983. AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED By: /s/ Milton Brenner ------------------------------ Milton Brenner, President ATTEST: /s/ Frank DiMaio - ----------------------- Frank DiMaio, Secretary  PAGE 1 State of Delaware Office of the Secretary of State ------------------------------ I, EDWARD J. FREEL, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF THE CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF "AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED", CHANGING ITS NAME FROM "AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED" TO "ARX, INC.", FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE THIRTIETH DAY OF OCTOBER, A.D. 1985, AT 10 O'CLOCK A.M. [SEAL OMITTED] /s/ Edward J. Freel [SEAL OMITTED] ----------------------------------- Edward J. Freel, Secretary of State 0561329 8100 AUTHENTICATION: 7276024 944200245 DATE: 10-20-94  CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED               AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED, a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, DOES HEREBY CERTIFY: FIRST: That at a meeting of the Board of Directors of AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED, resolutions were adopted setting forth proposed amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation of said corporation, declaring said amendment to be advisable and calling a meeting of the stockholders of the corporation for consideration thereof. SECOND: That thereafter, pursuant to resolution of its Board of Directors, the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of said corporation was duly called and held, upon notice in accordance with Section 222 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware at which meeting the necessary number of shares as required by statute were voted in favor of the following amendments: RESOLVED, that the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation be amended by changing the Article thereof numbered "FIRST" so that, as amended, said Article shall be and read as follows:  "FIRST: The name of the corporation is ARX, Inc." and it was further RESOLVED, that the Certificate of Incorporation be further amended by deleting the following from Article "FOURTH": "At all elections of directors of the Corporation, each stockholder shall be entitled to as many votes as shall equal the number of votes which (except for this provision as to cumulative voting) he would be entitled to cast for the election of directors with respect to his shares of stock multiplied by the number of directors to be elected. He may cast all of such votes for a single director or may distribute them among the number to be voted for, or any two or more of them as he may see fit." and it was further RESOLVED, that the Certificate of Incorporation be further amended by adding Article TWELFTH to read as follows: "TWELFTH: The vote of stockholders of the Corporation required to approve any Business Combination shall be as set forth in this Article TWELFTH. The term "Business Combination" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in (a)(B) of this Article; each other capitalized term used in this Article shall have the meaning ascribed to it in (c) of this Article. (a)(A) In addition to any affirmative vote required by law or this Certificate of Incorporation and except as otherwise expressly provided in (b) of this Article TWELFTH: (1) any merger or consolidation of the Corporation or any Subsidiary with (i) any Interested Stockholder or (ii) any other corporation or entity (whether or not itself is an Interested Stockholder) which is, or after each merger or consolidation would be, an Affiliate of an Interested Stockholder; or -2-  (2) any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer, or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) to or with any Interested Stockholder or any Affiliate of any Interested Stockholder of assets of the Corporation or any Subsidiary having an aggregate Fair Market Value of $5,000,000 or more; or (3) the issuance or transfer by the Corporation or any Subsidiary (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of any securities of any Affiliate or any Interested Stockholder in exchange for cash, securities or other property (or a combination thereof) having an aggregate Fair Market Value of $5,000,000 or more, other than the issuance of securities upon the conversion of convertible securities of the Corporation or any Subsidiary which were were not acquired by such Interested Stockholder (or such Affiliate) from the Corporation or a Subsidiary; or (4) the adoption of any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation proposed by or on behalf of an Interested Stockholder or any Affiliate of any Interested Stockholder; or (5) any reclassification of securities (including any reverse stock split), or recapitalization of the Corporation, or any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with any of its Subsidiaries or any other transaction (whether or not with or into or otherwise involving an Interested Stockholder) which in any such case has the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate share of the outstanding shares of any class or series of stock or securities convertible into the stock of the Corporation or any subsidiary which is directly or indirectly beneficially owned by any Interested Stockholder or any affiliate of any Interested Stockholder; -3-  shall not be consummated without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 80 percent of the combined voting power of the then outstanding shares of stock of all classes and series of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors ("Voting Stock"), in each case voting together as a single class. Such affirmative vote shall be required notwithstanding the fact that no vote may be required, or that a lesser percentage may be specified, by law or by this Certificate of Incorporation or in any agreement with any national securities exchange or otherwise. (B) The term "Business Combination" as used in this Article TWELFTH shall mean any transaction that is referred to in any one or more clauses (1) through (5) of (a)(A) of this Article TWELFTH. (b) The provisions of (a) of this Article TWELFTH shall not be applicable to any Business Combination in respect of which all of the conditions specified in either of the following paragraphs (A) and (B) are met, and such Business Combination shall require only such affirmative vote as is required by law and any other provision of the Certificate of Incorporation; (A) such Business Combination shall have been approved by a majority of the Disinterested Directors, or (B) each of the six conditions specified in the following clauses (1) through (6) shall have been met: (1) the aggregate amount of the cash and the Fair Market Value as of the date of the consummation of the Business Combination (the "Consummation Date") of any consideration other than cash to be received by holders of Common Stock in such Business Combination shall be at least equal to the higher of the following: (i) (if applicable) the highest per share price (including any brokerage commissions, transfer taxes and soliciting dealers' fees) paid in order to acquire any shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by -4-  the Interested Stockholder which were acquired beneficially by such Interested Stockholder (x) within the two-year period immediately prior to the Announcement Date or (y) in the transaction in which it became an Interested Stockholder, whichever is higher; or (ii) the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on the Announcement Date or on the date on which the Interested Stockholder became an Interested Stockholder (the Determination Date), whichever is higher; and (2) the aggregate amount of the cash and the Fair Market Value as of the Consummation Date of any consideration other than cash to be received per share by holders of shares of any other class or series of Voting Stock shall be at least equal to the highest of the following (it being intended that the requirements of this clause (B)(2) shall be required to be met with respect to each class and series of such outstanding Voting Stock, whether or not the Interested Stockholder beneficially owns any shares of a particular class or series of Voting Stock): (i) (if applicable) the highest per share price (including any brokerage commissions, transfer taxes and soliciting dealers' fees) paid in order to acquire any shares of such class or series of voting stock beneficially owned by the Interested Stockholder, which were acquired beneficially by such Interested Stockholder (x) within the two-year period immediately prior to the Announcement Date or (y) in the transaction in which it became an Interested Stockholder, whichever is higher; (ii) (if applicable) the highest preferential amount per share to which the holders of shares of such class or series of Voting Stock are entitled in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation; and -5-  (iii) the Fair Market Value per share of such class or series of Voting Stock on the Announcement Date or the Determination Date, whichever is higher; and (3) the consideration to be received by holders of a particular class or series of outstanding Voting Stock (including Common Stock) shall be in cash or in the same form as were previously paid in order to acquire beneficially shares of such class or series of Voting Stock that are beneficially owned by the Interested Stockholder and, if the Interested Stockholder beneficially owns shares of any class or series of Voting Stock that were acquired with varying forms of consideration, the form of consideration to be received by holders of such class or series of Voting Stock shall be either cash or the form used to acquire beneficially the largest number of shares of such class or series of Voting Stock beneficially acquired prior to the Announcement Date; and (4) after such Interested Stockholder has become an Interested Stockholder and prior to the consummation of such Business Combination: (i) except as approved by a majority of the Disinterested Directors, there shall have been no failure to declare and pay at the regular dates therefor the full amount of any dividends (whether or not cumulative) payable on any class or series of stock having a preference over the Common Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation. (ii) there shall have been (x) no reduction in the annual rate of dividends paid on the Common Stock (except as necessary to reflect any subdivision of the Common Stock), except as approved by a majority of the Disinterested Directors and (y) an increase in such annual rate of dividends (as necessary to prevent any such reduction) in the event of any reclassification (including any reverse stock split) recapitalization, reorganization or any similar transaction which has the effect of reducing the number of outstanding shares of the Common Stock, unless the failure so to increase such annual rate was approved by a majority of the Disinterested Directors; and -6-  (iii) such Interested Stockholder shall not have become the beneficial owner of any additional shares of Voting Stock except as part of the transaction in which it became an Interested Stockholder; and (5) after such Interested Stockholder has become an Interested Stockholder, such Interested Stockholder shall not have received the benefit, directly or indirectly (except proportionately as a stockholder), of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial assistance or tax credits or other tax advantages provided by the Corporation, whether in anticipation of or in connection with such Business Combination or otherwise; and (6) a proxy or information statement describing the proposed Business Combination and complying with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations thereunder (or any subsequent provisions replacing such Act, rules or regulations) shall be mailed to public stockholders of the Corporation at least 30 days prior to the consummation of such Business Combination (whether or not such proxy or information statement is required to be mailed pursuant to such Act or subsequent provisions). (c) For the purposes of this Article TWELFTH: (A) A "person" shall mean any individual, firm or corporation or other entity. (B) "Interested Stockholder" shall mean any person (other than the Corporation or any Subsidiary) who or which: (1) is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 10 percent of the combined voting power of the then outstanding shares of Voting Stock; or (2) is an Affiliate of the Interested Stockholder and at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 percent or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding shares of Voting Stock, or -7- (3) is an assignee of or has otherwise succeeded to the beneficial ownership of any shares of Voting Stock that were at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question beneficially owned by an Interested Stockholder, if such assignment or succession shall have occurred in the course of a transaction or series of transactions not involving a public offering within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933. (C) A person shall be a "beneficial owner" of any Voting Stock: (1) which such person or any of its Affiliates or Associates beneficially owns, directly or indirectly; or (2) which such person or any of its Affiliates or Associates has (a) the right to acquire (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or options, or otherwise, or (b) the right to vote or direct the vote pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding; or (3) which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any other person with which such person or any of its Affiliates or Associates has any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of any shares of Voting Stock. (D) For the purposes of determining whether a person is an Interested Stockholder pursuant to (c)(B) of this Article TWELFTH, the number of shares of Voting Stock deemed to be outstanding shall include shares owned through application of (c)(C) of this Article but shall not include any other shares of Voting Stock that may be issuable pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon exercise of conversion rights, warrants or options, or otherwise. -8-  (E) "Affiliate" and "Associate" shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as in effect on September 1, 1985. (F) "Subsidiary" means any corporation more than 50 percent of whose outstanding stock having ordinary voting power in the election of directors is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation or by a Subsidiary or by the Corporation and one or more Subsidiaries, provided, however, that for the purposes of the definition of Interested Stockholders set forth in (c)(B) of this Article TWELFTH, the term "Subsidiary" shall mean only a corporation of which a majority of each class or equity security is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation. (G) "Disinterested Director" means any member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation who is unaffiliated with, and not a nominee of, the Interested Stockholder and was a member of the Board prior to the time that the Interested Stockholder became an Interested Stockholder, and any successor of a Disinterested Director who is unaffiliated with, and not a nominee of, the Interested Stockholder and who is recommended to succeed a Disinterested Director by a majority of Disinterested Directors then on the Board of Directors. (H) "Fair Market Value" means: (1) in the case of stock, the highest closing sale price during the 30-day period immediately preceding the date in question of a share of such stock in the Composite Tape for New York Stock Exchange Listed Stocks, or, if such stock is not quoted on the Composite Tape, on the New York Stock Exchange, or, if such stock is not listed on any such exchange, the highest closing sales price or bid quotation with respect to a share of such stock during the 30-day period preceding the date in question on the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotations System or any system then in use, or if no such quotations are available, the fair market value on the date in question of a share of stock as determined by a majority of the Disinterested Directors in good faith; and (2) in the case of stock of any class or series which is not traded on any United States registered securities exchange nor in the over-the-counter market or in the case of property other than cash or stock, the fair market value of such property on the date in question as determined by a majority of the Disinterested Directors in good faith. -9-  (I) In the event of any Business Combination in which the Corporation survives, the phrase "other consideration to be received" as used in (b)(B)(1) and (2) of this Article TWELFTH shall include the shares of Common Stock and/or the shares of any other class of outstanding Voting Stock retained by the holders of such shares. (J) "Announcement Date" means the date of first public announcement of the proposed Business Combination. (K) "Determination Date" means the date on which the Interested Stockholder became an Interested Stockholder. (d) A majority of the Disinterested Directors of the Corporation shall have the power and duty to determine, on the basis of information known to them after reasonable inquiry, all facts necessary to determine compliance with this Article TWELFTH, including, without limitation (A) whether a person is an Interested Stockholder, (B) the number of shares of Voting Stock beneficially owned by any person, (C) whether a person is an Affiliate or Associate of another person, (D) whether the requirements of (b) of this Article TWELFTH have been met with respect to any Business Combination, and (E) whether the assets which are the subject of any Business Combination have, or the consideration to be received for the issuance or transfer of securities by the Corporation or any Subsidiary in any Business Combination has, an aggregate Fair Market Value of $5,000,000 or more. The good faith determination of a majority of the Disinterested Directors on such matters shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes of this Article TWELFTH. (e) Nothing contained in this Article TWELFTH shall be construed to relieve any Interested Stockholder from any fiduciary obligation imposed by law. (f) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Certificate of Incorporation to the contrary, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 50% of the voting power of the Voting Stock, voting together as a single class, shall be required to alter, amend, or repeal this Article TWELFTH or to adopt any provision Inconsistent therewith." -10-  and it was further RESOLVED, that the Certificate of Incorporation be further amended by adding Article "THIRTEENTH" to read as follows: "THIRTEENTH: Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of Directors shall be given in the manner provided in the By-Laws of the Corporation." THIRD: That said amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED has caused this certificate to be signed by Milton Brenner, its President and attested by Frank DiMaio, its Secretary-Treasurer, this 29th day of October, 1985. AEROFLEX LABORATORIES INCORPORATED By: /s/ Milton Brenner ----------------------------------- Milton Brenner, President ATTEST: /s/ Frank DiMaio - --------------------------------------- Frank DiMaio, Secretary-Treasurer  PAGE 1 State of Delaware Office of the Secretary of State ------------------------------ I, EDWARD J. FREEL, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF THE CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF "ARX, INC.", FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE EIGHTH DAY OF DECEMBER, A.D. 1986, AT 10 O'CLOCK A.M. [SEAL OMITTED] /s/ Edward J. Freel [SEAL OMITTED] ----------------------------------- Edward J. Freel, Secretary of State 0561329 8100 AUTHENTICATION: 7276025 944200245 DATE: 10-20-94  CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF ARX, INC. ARX, INC., a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, DOES HEREBY CERTIFY: FIRST: That at a meeting of the Board of Directors of ARX, INC., resolutions were adopted setting forth a proposed amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of said corporation, declaring said amendment to be advisable and calling a meeting of the stockholders of the corporation for consideration thereof. SECOND: That thereafter, pursuant to resolution of its Board of Directors, the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of said corporation was duly called and held, upon notice in accordance with Section 222 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware at which meeting the necessary number of shares as required by statute were voted in favor of the following amendment: RESOLVED, that the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation be amended by adding Article "FOURTEENTH" so that, as amended, said Article shall be and read as follows:  "FOURTEENTH: To the extent permitted by Section 102(b)(7) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same may be supplemented and amended, no director of the corporation shall be personally liable to the corporation or its s  tockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director; provided the foregoing shall not eliminate or limit the liability of such director (i) for any breach of such director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which such director derived an improper personal benefit." THIRD: That said amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said ARX, INC. has caused this certificate to be signed by Arthur J. Hendler, its Executive Vice President and attested by Richard Carey, its Secretary, this 1st day of December, 1986. ARX, INC. By: /s/ Arthur J Hendler ------------------------------------- Arthur J. Hendler Executive Vice President ATTEST: /s/ Richard Carey - --------------------------------- Richard Carey, Secretary  PAGE 1 State of Delaware Office of the Secretary of State ------------------------------ I, EDWARD J. FREEL, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF THE CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF "ARX, INC.", FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE TWENTY-THIRD DAY OF AUGUST, A.D. 1988, AT 10 O'CLOCK A.M. [SEAL OMITTED] /s/ Edward J. Freel [SEAL OMITTED] ----------------------------------- Edward J. Freel, Secretary of State 0561329 8100 AUTHENTICATION: 7276026 944200245 DATE: 10-20-94  CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF ARX, INC. SERIES A JUNIOR PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK (UNDER SECTION 151(g) OF THE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW)           ARX, INC., a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, DOES HEREBY CERTIFY: That at a meeting of the Board of Directors of ARX, Inc. the following resolution was duly adopted creating a series of 150,000 shares of Preferred Stock, designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority granted to and vested in the Board of Directors of this Corporation in accordance with the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, a series of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, of the Corporation be, and it hereby is created, and that the designation and amount thereof and the relative rights, preferences and limitations thereof are as follows: (1) Designation and Amount. There is hereby established a series of Preferred Stock, par value $.10 per share, of the Corporation, which shall be designated as the "Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock." The number of shares constituting such series shall be 150,000. (2) Dividends and Distributions. (A) Subject to any prior and superior rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock ranking prior and superior to the shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock with respect to dividends that may be authorized 1  by the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, the holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall be entitled prior to the payment of any dividends on shares ranking junior to the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available for the purpose, quarterly dividends payable in cash on the last day of March, June, September and December in each year (each such date being referred to herein as a "Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"), commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after the first issuance of a share or fraction of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, in an amount per share (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to the greater of (a)$1.00 or (b) subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, 100 times the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, and 100 times the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of all non-cash dividends or other distributions other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise), declared on the Common Stock, $.10 par value, of the Corporation (the "Common Stock") since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, or, with respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of any share or fraction of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after August 19, 1988 (the "Rights Dividend Declaration Date") (i) declare any dividend on Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the amount to which holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. (B) The Corporation shall declare a dividend or distribution on the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock as provided in subparagraph (A) above immediately after it declares a dividend or distribution on the Common Stock (other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock); provided that, in the event no dividend or distribution shall have been declared on the Common Stock during the period between any Quarterly Dividend Payment Date and the next subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, a dividend of $1.00 per share on 2  the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall nevertheless be payable on such subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. (C) Dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on outstanding shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock from the Quarterly Dividend Payment Date next preceding the date of issue of such shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, unless the date of issue of such shares is prior to the record date for the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in which case dividends on such shares shall begin to accrue from the date of issue of such shares, or unless the date of issue is a Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or is a date after the record date for the determination of holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock entitled to receive a quarterly dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in either of which events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative from such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. Accrued but unpaid dividends shall not bear interest. Dividends paid on the shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock in an amount less than the total amount of such dividends at the time accrued and payable on such shares shall be allocated pro rata on a share- by-share basis among all such shares at the time outstanding. The Board of Directors may fix a record date for the determination of holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock entitled to receive payment of a dividend or distribution declared thereon, which record date shall be no more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for the payment thereof. (3) Voting Rights. The holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights: (A) Subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, each share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to 100 votes on all matters voted on at a meeting of the shareholders of the Corporation. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the number of votes per share to which holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such number by a fraction the numerator of which is 3  the number of shares of Common Stack outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. (B) Except as otherwise provided herein or by law, the holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock and the holders of shares of Common Stock shall vote together as one voting group on all matters voted on at a meeting of shareholders of the Corporation. (C) (i) If at any time dividends on any Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall be in arrears in an amount equal to six (6) quarterly dividends thereon, the occurrence of such contingency shall mark the beginning of a period (herein called a "default period") which shall extend until such time when all accrued and unpaid dividends for all previous quarterly dividend periods and for the currently quarterly dividend period on all shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock then outstanding shall have been declared and paid or set apart for payment. During each default period, all holders of Preferred Stock (including holders of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock) with dividends in arrears in an amount equal to six (6) quarterly dividends thereon, voting as a class, irrespective of series, shall have the right to elect two (2) Directors. (ii) During any default period, such voting right of the holders of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock may be exercised initially at a special meeting called pursuant to subparagraph (C)(iii) of this paragraph (3) or at any annual meeting of stockholders and thereafter at annual meetings of stockholders, provided that neither such voting right nor the right of the holders of any other series of Preferred Stock, if any, to increase, in certain cases, the authorized number of Directors shall be exercised unless the holders of ten percent (10%) in number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding shall be present in person or by proxy. The absence of a quorum of the holders of Common Stock shall not affect the exercise by the holders of Preferred Stock of such voting right. At any meeting at which the holders of Preferred Stock shall exercise such voting right initially during an existing default period, they shall have the right, voting as a class, to elect Directors to fill such vacancies, if any, in the Board of Directors as may then exist up to two (2) Directors or, if such right is exercised at an annual meeting, to elect two (2) 4  Directors. If the number which may be so elected at any special meeting does not amount to the required number, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall have the right to make such increase in the number of Directors as shall be necessary to permit the election by them of the required number. After the holders of the Preferred Stock shall have exercised their right to elect Directors in any default period and during the continuance of such period, the number of Directors shall not be increased or decreased except by vote of the holders of Preferred Stock as herein provided or pursuant to the rights of any equity securities ranking senior to or pari passu with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. (iii) Unless the holders of Preferred Stock shall, during an existing default period, have previously exercised their right to elect Directors, the Board of Directors may order, or any shareholders or shareholders owning in the aggregate not less than ten percent (10%) of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding, irrespective of series, may request, the calling of a special meeting of the holders of Preferred Stock, which meeting shall thereupon be called by the President, a Vice President or the Secretary of the Corporation. The only matter which may be voted on at such meeting shall be the election of Directors. Notice of such meeting and of any annual meeting at which holders of Preferred Stock are entitled to vote pursuant to this subparagraph (C)(iii) shall be given to each holder of record of Preferred Stock by mailing a copy of such notice to him at his last address as the same appears on the books of the Corporation. Such meeting shall be called for a time not earlier than 20 days and not later than 60 days after such order or request or in default of the calling of such meeting within 60 days after such order or request, such meeting may be called on similar notice by any stockholders or shareholders owning in the aggregate not less than ten percent (10%) of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding. Notwithstanding the provisions of this subparagraph (C)(iii), no such special meeting shall be called during the period within 60 days immediately preceding the date fixed for the next annual meeting of the shareholders. (iv) In any default period, the holders of Common Stock, and other classes of stock of the Corporation if applicable, shall continue to be entitled to elect the whole number of Directors until the holders of Preferred 5  Stock shall have exercised their right to elect two (2) Directors voting as a class, after the exercise of which right, (x) the Directors so elected by the holders of Preferred Stock shall continue in office until their successors shall have been elected by such holders or until the expiration of the default period and (y) any vacancy in the Board of Directors may (except as provided in subparagraph (C)(ii) of this Paragraph (3)) be filled by vote of a majority of the remaining Directors theretofore elected by the holders of the class of stock which elected the Director whose office shall have become vacant. References in this paragraph (C) to Directors elected by the holders of a particular class of stock shall include Directors elected by such Directors to fill vacancies as provided in clause (y) of the foregoing sentence. (v) Immediately upon the expiration of a default period (x) the right of the holders of Preferred Stock as a class to elect Directors shall cease, (y) the term of any Directors elected by the holders of Preferred Stock as a class shall terminate, and (z) the number of Directors shall be such number as may be provided for in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or By--Laws irrespective of any increase made pursuant to the provisions of subparagraph (C)(ii) of this Paragraph (3) (such number being subject, however, to change thereafter in any manner provided by law or in the certificate of incorporation or by-laws). Any vacancies in the Board of Directors effected by the provisions of clauses (y) and (z) in the preceding sentence may be filled by a majority of the remaining Directors. (D) Except as set forth herein, holders of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall have no special voting rights and their consent shall not be required (except to the extent they are entitled to vote with holders of Common Stock as set forth herein) for taking any corporate action. (4) Certain Restrictions. (A) Whenever quarterly dividends or other dividends or distributions payable on the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock as provided in Paragraph (2) are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, on shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock outstanding shall have been paid in full, the Corporation shall not 6  (i) declare or pay dividends on, make any other distributions on, or redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock; (ii) declare or pay dividends on or make any other distributions on any shares or stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, except dividends paid ratably on the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock and all such parity stock on which dividends are payable or in arrears in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of all such shares are then entitled; (iii) redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration shares of any stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, provided that the Corporation may at any time redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of any such parity stock in exchange for shares of any stock of the corporation ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon dissolution, liquidation or winding up) to the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock; (iv) purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock or any shares of stock ranking on a parity with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, except in accordance with a purchase offer made in writing or by publication (as determined by the Board of Directors) to all holders of such shares upon such terms as the Board of Directors, after consideration of the respective annual dividend rates and other relative rights and preferences of the respective series and classes, shall determine in good faith will result in fair and equitable treatment among the respective series or classes. (B) The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of the Corporation to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of stock of the Corporation unless the Corporation could, under subparagraph (A) of this Paragraph (4), purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in such manner. 7  (5) Reacquired Shares. Any shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any manner whatsoever shall be retired and cancelled promptly after the acquisition thereof. All such shares shall upon their cancellation become authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock and may be reissued as part of a new series of Preferred Stock to be created by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors, subject to the conditions and restrictions on issuance set forth herein. (6) Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up. (A) Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, no distribution shall be made to the holders of shares of stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock unless, prior thereto, the holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall have received $2,500 per share, plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions thereon, whether or not declared, to the date of such payment (the "Series A Junior Participating Liquidation Preference"). Following the payment of the full amount of the Series A Junior Participating Liquidation Preference, no additional distributions shall be made to the holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock unless, prior thereto, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall have received an amount per share (the "Common Adjustment") equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the Series A Junior Participating Liquidation Preference by (ii) 100 (as appropriately adjusted as set forth in subparagraph (C) below to reflect such events as stocks splits, stock dividends and recapitalizations with respect to the Common Stock) (such number in clause (ii), the "Adjustment Number"). Following the payment of the full amount of the Series A Junior Participating Liquidation Preference and the Common Adjustment in respect of all outstanding shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock and Common Stock, respectively, holders of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock and holders of shares of Common Stock shall receive their ratable and proportionate share of the remaining assets to be distributed in the ratio of the Adjustment Number to 1 with respect to such Preferred Stock and Common Stock, on a per share basis, respectively. (B) In the event, however, that there are not sufficient assets available to permit payment in full of the 8 Series A Junior Participating Liquidation Preference and the liquidation preferences of all other series of Preferred Stock, if any, which rank on a parity with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, then such remaining assets shall be distributed ratably to the holders of such parity shares in proportion to their respective liquidation preferences. In the event, however, that there are not sufficient assets available to permit payment in full of the Common Adjustment, then such remaining assets shall be distributed ratably to the holders of Common Stock. (C) In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights Dividend Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the Adjustment Number in effect immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such Adjustment Number by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. (7) Merger, Consolidation, etc. In case the Corporation shall enter into any merger, consolidation, combination or other transaction in which the shares of Common Stock are exchanged or changed into other stock or securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case each share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall at the same time be similarly exchanged or changed in an amount per share (subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth) equal to 100 times the aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash and/or any other property (payable in kind), as the case may be, into which or for which each share of Common Stock is changed or exchanged. in the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights Dividend Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the amount set forth in the preceding sentence with respect to the exchange or change of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of 9  Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. (8) Redemption. The shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable. (9) Ranking. The Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall rank junior to all other series of the Corporation's Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends and other distribution of assets, unless, in accordance with authorization in the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and any Certificate of Designation, the terms of any such series shall provide otherwise. (10) Amendment. The Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended, including the Certificate of Designation establishing the rights and preferences of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall not be further amended in any manner which would alter or change the powers, references or special rights of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, voting separately as one voting group. (11) Fractional Shares. Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock may be issued in fractions of a share which shall entitle the holder, in proportion to such holder's fractional shares, to exercise voting rights, receive dividends, participate in distributions and to have the benefit of all other rights of holders of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. 10  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Certificate of Designation is executed on behalf of the Corporation by its Vice President-Finance and attested by its Secretary this 23rd day of August, 1988. ARX, INC. By /s/ Michael Gorin ---------------------- Vice President-Finance Attest: By /s/ Richard Carey - ---------------------- Secretary 11  PAGE 1 State of Delaware Office of the Secretary of State ------------------------------ I, EDWARD J. FREEL, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF THE CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF "ARX, INC.", FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE FOURTH DAY OF NOVEMBER, A.D. 1988, AT 10 O'CLOCK A.M. [SEAL OMITTED] /s/ Edward J. Freel [SEAL OMITTED] ----------------------------------- Edward J. Freel, Secretary of State 0561329 8100 AUTHENTICATION: 7276027 944200245 DATE: 10-20-94  CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF ARX, INC. ARX, INC., a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, DOES HEREBY CERTIFY: FIRST: That at a meeting of the Board of Directors of ARX, INC., resolutions were adopted setting forth a proposed amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of said corporation, declaring said amendment to be advisable and calling a meeting of the stockholders of the corporation for consideration thereof. SECOND: That thereafter, pursuant to resolution of the Board of Directors, the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of said Corporation was duly called and held, upon notice in accordance with Section 222 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware at which meeting the necessary number of shares as required by statute were voted in favor of the following amendment:  RESOLVED, that the Certificate of Incorporation of this Corporation be amended by adding ARTICLE "FIFTEENTH" to read as follows: "FIFTEENTH: No action required to be taken or which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the corporation may be taken without a meeting, and the power of stockholders to consent in writing to the taking of any action is specifically denied. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Certificate of Incorporation to the contrary, the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than 80% of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (considered for this purpose as one class) shall be required to amend, alter, change or repeal this Article FIFTEENTH or to adopt any provision inconsistent herewith." THIRD: That said amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said ARX, INC. has caused this certificate to be signed by Michael Gorin, its President and Richard Carey, its Secretary, this 27th day of October, 1988. ARX, INC. By:/s/ Michael Gorin ----------------------- Michael Gorin President ATTEST: /s/ Richard Carey - ------------------------- Richard Carey, Secretary PAGE 1 State of Delaware Office of the Secretary of State ------------------------------ I, EDWARD J. FREEL, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF THE CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF "ARX, INC.", FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE TWENTY-THIRD DAY OF NOVEMBER, A.D. 1992, AT 10 O'CLOCK A.M. [SEAL OMITTED] /s/ Edward J. Freel [SEAL OMITTED] ----------------------------------- Edward J. Freel, Secretary of State 0561329 8100 AUTHENTICATION: 7276027 944200245 DATE: 10-20-94  CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF ARX, INC. ARX, INC., a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the Central Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, DOES HEREBY CERTIFY: FIRST: That at a meeting of the Board of Directors of ARX, INC., resolutions were adopted setting forth a proposed amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of said corporation, declaring said amendment to be advisable and calling a meeting of the stockholders of the corporation for consideration thereof. SECOND: That thereafter, pursuant to resolution of its Board of Directors, the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of said corporation was duly called and held, upon notice in accordance with section 222 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware at which meeting the necessary number of shares as required by statute were voted in favor of the following amendment: STATE OF DELAWARE SECRETARY OF STATE DIVISION OF CORPORATIONS FILED 10:00 AM 11/23/1992 722328033 - 561329  RESOLVED, that the certificate of incorporation be amended by changing the Article thereof numbered "FOURTH" so that, as amended, said Article shall be and read as follows: "FOURTH: The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the corporation shall have the authority to issue is TWENTY SIX MILLION (26,000,000) shares, of which TWENTY FIVE MILLION (25,000,000) shares shall be shares of Common Stock of the par value of Ten Cents ($.10) per share and ONE MILLION (1,000,000) shares shall be shares of Preferred Stock of the par value of Ten Cents ($.10) per share. The Preferred Stock may be issued in series and the number, designation, relative rights, preferences and limitations of shares of each series of Preferred Stock, Ten Cents ($.10) per share par value shall be fixed by the Board of Directors." THIRD: That said amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said ARX, INC. has caused this certificate to be signed by MICHAEL GORIN, its President and attested by RICHARD G. SATIN, its Secretary, this 11th day of November, 1992. ARX, INC. By:/s/ Michael Gorin ------------------------ MICHAEL GORIN, PRESIDENT ATTEST: /s/ Richard G. Satin - ---------------------------- RICHARD G. SATIN SECRETARY PAGE 1 State of Delaware Office of the Secretary of State ------------------------------ I, EDWARD J. FREEL, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF THE CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF "ARX, INC.", CHANGING ITS NAME FROM "ARX, INC." TO "AEROFLEX INCORPORATED" FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE NINTH DAY OF NOVEMBER, A.D. 1994, AT 12 O'CLOCK P.M. [SEAL OMITTED] /s/ Edward J. Freel [SEAL OMITTED] ----------------------------------- Edward J. Freel, Secretary of State 0561329 8100 AUTHENTICATION: 7295908 944215514 DATE: 11-09-94 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF ARX, INC           ARX, Inc., corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, DOES HEREBY CERTIFY: FIRST: That at a meeting of the Board of Directors of ARX, Inc, resolutions were adopted setting forth a proposed amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of said corporation, declaring said amendment to be advisable and calling a meeting of the stockholders of the corporation for consideration thereof. SECOND: That thereafter, pursuant to resolution of its Board of Directors, the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of said corporation was duly called and held, upon notice in accordance with Section 222 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware at which meeting the necessary number of shares as required by statute were voted in favor of the following amendment: RESOLVED, that the Certificate of Incorporation of this Corporation be amended by changing the Article thereof numbered "FIRST" so that, as amended, said Article shall be and read as follows: "FIRST: The name of the corporation is: AEROFLEX INCORPORATED" THIRD: That said amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said ARX, Inc. has caused this certificate to be signed by Michael Gorin, its President and attested by Leonard Borow, its Secretary, this 9th day of November, 1994. ARX, INC. By:/s/ Michael Gorin ------------------------ Michael Gorin, President ATTEST: /s/ Leonard Borow - ------------------------ Leonard Borow, Secretary  State of Delaware Office of the Secretary of State -------------------------------- I, EDWARD J. FREEL, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF THE CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF "AEROFLEX INCORPORATED", FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE THIRTY- FIRST DAY OF AUGUST, A.D., 1998, AT 8:30 O'CLOCK A.M. A FILED COPY OF THIS CERTIFICATE HAS BEEN FORWARDED TO THE NEW CASTLE COUNTY RECORDER OF DEEDS. [SEAL OMITTED] /s/ Edward J. Freel ----------------------------------- [SEAL OMITTED] Edward J. Freel, Secretary of State 0561329 8100 AUTHENTICATION: 9279902 981340007 DATE: 8-31-98  AMENDED CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION of SERIES A JUNIOR PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK of AEROFLEX INCORPORATED (Pursuant to Section 151 of the Delaware General Corporation Law) - ----------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- Aeroflex Incorporated, a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (hereinafter called the "Corporation"), hereby certifies that the following resolution was adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation as required by Section 151 of the General Corporation Law at a meeting duly called and held on August 13, 1998: RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority granted to and vested in the Board of Directors of this Corporation (hereinafter called the "Board of Directors" or the "Board") in accordance with the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, the Board of Directors hereby amends, effective as of August 31, 1998, the Certificate of Designation establishing the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, filed on August 23, 1988 (the "Certificate") by amending and restating the designation and number of shares, and the relative rights, preferences, and limitations of such Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, no shares of which have been issued, as follows: Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock: Section 1. Designation and Amount. The shares of such series shall be designated as "Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock" (the "Series A Preferred Stock") and the number of shares constituting the Series A Preferred Stock shall be 25,000. Such number of shares may be increased or decreased by resolution of the Board of Directors; provided, that no decrease shall reduce the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to a number less than the number of shares then outstanding plus the number of shares reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options, rights or warrants or upon the conversion of any outstanding securities issued by the Corporation convertible into Series A Preferred Stock.  Section 2. Dividends and Distributions. (A) Subject to the rights of the holders of any shares of any series of Preferred Stock, par value $.10 per share (the "Preferred Stock"), of the Corporation (or any similar stock) ranking prior and superior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, in preference to the holders of Common Stock, par value $.10 per share (the "Common Stock"), of the Corporation, and of any other junior stock, shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available for the purpose, quarterly dividends payable in cash on the first day of March, June, September and December in each year (each such date being referred to herein as a "Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"), commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after the first issuance of a share or fraction of a share of Series A Preferred Stock, in an amount per share (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to the greater of (a) $1 or (b) subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, 1,000 times the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, and 1,000 times the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of all non-cash dividends or other distributions, other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise), declared on the Common Stock since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or, with respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of any share or fraction of a share of Series A Preferred Stock. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the date hereof declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the amount to which holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. (B) The Corporation shall declare a dividend or distribution on the Series A Preferred Stock as provided in paragraph (A) of this Section immediately after it declares a dividend or distribution on the Common Stock (other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock); provided that, in the event no dividend or distribution shall have been declared on the Common Stock during the period between any Quarterly Dividend Payment Date and the next subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, a dividend of $1 per share on the Series A Preferred Stock shall nevertheless be payable on such subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. (C) Dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock from the Quarterly Dividend Payment Date next preceding the date of issue of such shares, unless the date of issue of such shares is prior to the record date for the first Quarterly Dividend  Payment Date, in which case dividends on such shares shall begin to accrue from the date of issue of such shares, or unless the date of issue is a Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or is a date after the record date for the determination of holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock entitled to receive a quarterly dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in either of which events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative from such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. Accrued but unpaid dividends shall not bear interest. Dividends paid on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock in an amount less than the total amount of such dividends at the time accrued and payable on such shares shall be allocated pro rata on a share-by-share basis among all such shares at the time outstanding. The Board of Directors may fix a record date for the determination of holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock entitled to receive payment of a dividend or distribution declared thereon, which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for the payment thereof. Section 3. Voting Rights. The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights: (A) Subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to 1,000 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the date hereof declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the number of votes per share to which holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such number by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. (B) Except as otherwise provided herein, in any other Certificate of Designation creating a series of Preferred Stock or any similar stock, or by law, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of shares of Common Stock and any other capital stock of the Corporation having general voting rights shall vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation. (C) Except as set forth herein, or as otherwise provided by law, holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall have no special voting rights and their consent shall not be required (except to the extent they are entitled to vote with holders of Common Stock as set forth herein) for taking any corporate action.  Section 4. Certain Restrictions. (A) Whenever quarterly dividends or other dividends or distributions payable on the Series A Preferred Stock as provided in Section 2 are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, on shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding shall have been paid in full, the Corporation shall not: (i) declare or pay dividends, or make any other distributions, on any shares of stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock; (ii) declare or pay dividends, or make any other distributions, on any shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up)  with the Series A Preferred Stock, except dividends paid ratably on the Series A Preferred Stock and all such parity stock on which dividends are payable or in arrears in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of all such shares are then entitled; (iii) redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration shares of any stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock, provided that the Corporation may at any time redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of any such junior stock in exchange for shares of any stock of the Corporation ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon dissolution, liquidation or winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock; or (iv) redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of Series A Preferred Stock, or any shares of stock ranking on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock, except in accordance with a purchase offer made in writing or by publication (as determined by the Board of Directors) to all holders of such shares upon such terms as the Board of Directors, after consideration of the respective annual dividend rates and other relative rights and preferences of the respective series and classes, shall determine in good faith will result in fair and equitable treatment among the respective series or classes. (B) The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of the Corporation to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of stock of the Corporation unless the Corporation could, under paragraph (A) of this Section 4, purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in such manner. Section 5. Reacquired Shares. Any shares of Series A Preferred Stock purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any manner whatsoever shall be retired and cancelled promptly after the acquisition thereof. All such shares shall upon their cancellation become authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock and may be reissued as part of a new series of Preferred Stock subject to the conditions and restrictions on issuance set forth herein, in the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, or in any other Certificate of Designation creating a series of Preferred Stock or any similar stock or as otherwise required by law.  Section 6. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, no distribution shall be made (1) to the holders of shares of stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock unless, prior thereto, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have received $1,000 per share, plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions thereon, whether or not declared, to the date of such payment, provided that the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive an aggregate amount per share, subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, equal to 1,000 times the aggregate amount to be distributed per share to holders of shares of Common Stock, or (2) to the holders of shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Preferred Stock, except distributions made ratably on the Series A Preferred Stock and all such parity stock in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of all such shares are entitled upon such liquidation, dissolution or winding up. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the date hereof declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the aggregate amount to which holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event under the proviso in clause (1) of the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstading immediately prior to such event. Section 7. Consolidation, Merger, etc. In case the Corporation shall enter into any consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction in which the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall at the same time be similarly exchanged or changed into an amount per share, subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, equal to 1,000 times the aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash and/or any other property (payable in kind), as the case may be, into which or for which each share of Common Stock is changed or exchanged. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the date hereof declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the amount set forth in the preceding sentence with respect to the exchange or change of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.  Section 8. No Redemption. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable. Section 9. Rank. The Series A Preferred Stock shall rank, with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets, junior to all series of any other class of the Corporation's Preferred Stock. Section 10. Amendment. The Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended, shall not be amended in any manner which would materially alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series A Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two- thirds of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amended Certificate of Designation is executed on behalf of the Corporation by its President and attested by its Treasurer and Assistant Secretary this 31st day of August, 1998. /s/ Michael Gorin -------------------------------------- Name: Michael Gorin Title: President Attest: /s/ Charles Badlato - ---------------------------------------- Name: Charles Badlato Title: Treasurer and Assistant Secretary  EX-4.2 3  SECOND AMENDMENT TO THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT Introduction ------------ This Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 30, 1998 (this "Amendment"), is an agreement by and among Aeroflex Incorporated, a Delaware corporation formerly known as ARX, Inc., and currently having an address at 35 South Service Road, Plainview, New York 11803 ("Aeroflex"), Aeroflex Laboratories Incorporated, a Delaware corporation currently having an address at 35 South Service Road, Plainview, New York 11803 ("Laboratories"), Aeroflex International Inc., a Delaware corporation currently having an address at 35 South Service Road, Plainview, New York 11803 ("International"), Aeroflex Lintek Corp., an Ohio corporation currently having an address at 60 Grace Drive South, Powell, Ohio 43065 ("Lintek"), Aeroflex Systems Corp., a Delaware corporation currently having an address at 35 South Service Road, Plainview, New York 11803 ("Systems"), Aeroflex Acquisition Corp., a Texas corporation currently having an address at 35 South Service Road, Plainview, New York 11803 ("Acquisition"), Comstron International, S.A.R.L., a French corporation currently having an address at 4 Centre Administratif Des #7, MARES, 78990, Elancourt, France ("Comstron"), MIC Technology Corporation, a Texas corporation currently having an address at 797 Turnpike Street, North Andover, Massachusetts 01845 ("MIC"), MIC Technology S.A.R.L. (a\k\a S.A.R.L. MIC Technology and S.A.R.L. MIC Technologie), a French corporation currently having an address at 15, Rue Boudeville, Thibaud Center, 31100 Toulouse, France ("MICSARL"), and Vibration Mountings and Controls, Inc., a New York corporation currently having an address at 113 Main Street, Box 37, Bloomingdale, New Jersey 07403 ("Vibrations") (Aeroflex, Laboratories, International, Lintek, Systems, Acquisition, Comstron, MIC, MICSARL and Vibrations may be referred to individually, a "Borrower", and collectively, the "Borrowers"), The Chase Manhattan Bank, a New York state banking corporation formerly known as Chemical Bank and currently having an address at 7600 Jericho Turnpike, Suite 306, Woodbury, New York 11797 ("Chase"), Fleet Bank, N.A., as successor to (by merger with) NatWest Bank N.A. (f/k/a National Westminster Bank USA), a national banking association currently having an address at 300 Broad Hollow Road, Melville, New York 11747 ("Fleet", and together with Chase, individually a "Bank" and collectively the "Banks"), and Fleet Bank, N.A., as Administrator, as successor to (by merger with) NatWest Bank N.A. (f/k/a National Westminster Bank USA), a national banking association currently having an address at 300 Broad Hollow Road, Melville, New York 11747 (the "Administrator"). Recitals -------- The Borrowers, the Banks and the Administrator are parties to a Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of March 15, 1996, as amended by the First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of July 1, 1997, among the Borrowers, the Banks and the Administrator (as amended, the "Existing Loan Agreement"), pursuant to which the Banks made a $16,000,000.00 term loan and established a $22,000,000.00 committed revolving credit facility (under which committed facility up to $2,000,000.00 was available as letters of credit), which committed facility is subject to borrowing base limitations. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined or amended in this Amendment shall have the meanings respectively assigned to them in the Existing Loan Agreement. The Borrowers have requested that the Bank increase the committed revolving credit facility from $22,000,000.00 to $27,000,000.00, extend its maturity until March 31, 2001, and generally lower the interest rate on the Revolving Credit Loans. The Borrowers have requested that the Bank increase the Letter of Credit sublimit from $2,000,000.00 to $3,000,000.00 and generally reduce the letter of credit fees. The Borrowers also have requested that certain of the financial covenants and definitions be changed to take into account the effects of the proposed transaction and certain changed circumstances. The Borrowers (and in particular MIC) are entering into the Pearl River Project (as hereinafter defined). The Borrowers have requested that they be permitted to borrow under the Commitment on a temporary basis to fund the Pearl River Project, which may require up to $3,000,000.00 more than currently permitted under the Borrowing Base, which over advance will expire on the first to occur of November 30, 1998, or the closing of the Pearl River Financing (as hereinafter defined). The Borrowers have requested that the Banks enter into this Amendment in order to approve and reflect the foregoing, and the Banks have agreed to do so, all upon the terms and provisions and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth. Agreement In consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: Section 1. Amendment to Existing Loan Agreement. The Existing Loan Agreement is hereby amended effective as of March 31, 1998, except as otherwise specified to be effective on or as of another date: (A) In Section 1.01 of the Existing Loan Agreement, the definitions of "Agreement", "Applicable Base Margin Rate", "Applicable Euro Margin Rate", "Borrowing Base", "Commitment", "Consolidated Available Earnings", "Consolidated Quick Ratio", "Loan" and "Loans", "Maturity Date", "Note" and "Notes" , "Obligations", "Other Debt", Plainview Mortgage", "Revolving Credit Note" and "Revolving Credit Notes", and "Revolving Credit Period", are hereby deleted in their entirety, and the following new definitions are hereby inserted in their respective places: "Agreement" shall mean this Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, together with all schedules and exhibits hereto, as amended by the First Loan Amendment and the Second Loan Amendment, and as the same may be supplemented, modified, amended or restated from time to time in the manner provided herein. "Applicable Base Margin Rate" shall mean the fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to the rate set forth below for the Revolving Credit Loans corresponding to the Applicable Pricing Level then applicable: The Applicable Base Margin Rate shall change from time to time simultaneously with each change in the Applicable Pricing Level. "Applicable Euro Margin Rate" shall mean the fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to the rate set forth below for the Revolving Credit Loans corresponding to the Applicable Pricing Level then applicable: The Applicable Euro Margin Rate shall change from time to time simultaneously with each change in the Applicable Pricing Level; provided, however, that the Applicable Euro Margin Rate for Revolving Credit Loans shall be no less than 1.50% per annum for the first $4,720,000.00 in Revolving Credit Loans until such time as those Loans (which were the former "Term Loans") have been repaid in full with the proceeds of the Plainview Mortgage Loans. "Borrowing Base" shall mean the amount determined as of a particular date equal to the sum of: (a) the sum of: (i) 85% of the gross book value of all Eligible Receivables of the Borrowers then outstanding; (ii) 25% of the net book value of all Eligible Inventory (other than Eligible Gold Inventory and Eligible Lucent Inventory) of the Borrowers at the time (i.e., the gross value of such inventory, determined at the lower of cost or market, less any and all reserves for obsolescence, damage, theft and  the like); and (iii) 85% of the net book value of all Eligible Gold Inventory and Eligible Lucent Inventory of the Borrowers at the time (i.e., the gross value of such inventory, determined at the lower of cost or market, less any and all reserves for obsolescence, damage, theft and the like); provided that no more than $5,400,000.00 of the net book value of the Eligible Lucent Inventory shall be included in the clause (iii) computation; provided further that the Administrator (with the consent of the Majority Banks) at any time and from time to time may modify or add categories of eligibility or ineligibility in order to reflect the composition of and the Borrowers' experience with its Eligible Receivables, Eligible Inventory, Eligible Lucent Inventory and Eligible Gold Inventory; and provided further that if the Administrator at any time determines any such method of valuation overstates the actual fair market value at the time, the Administrator may recalculate those values to fair market value; minus (b) until such time as payment of the Earn-out Amount, if any, and the Excess Cash Flow Initial Payment, if any, have been made, the greater of (but not more than $4,000,000.00) (A) the Earn-out Accrual, or (B) the Excess Cash Flow Initial Payment accrued (and not paid) to the date of determination; plus (c) $3,000,000.00 until the first to occur of November 30, 1998, or funding under the Pearl River Financing. The Administrator may determine the Borrowing Base at any time and from time to time, which may (but need not) be based upon the Borrowers' periodic report on the form of Borrowing Base Certificate required under Section 5.02(f) of this Agreement. "Commitment" shall mean the commitment to make revolving credit loans to the Borrowers by the Banks, collectively, in the aggregate principal amount outstanding at any one time not to exceed the remainder of (i) $27,000,000.00 minus (ii) the sum of all voluntary reductions made under Section 2.01(d) hereof (but with the commitment of any particular Bank limited solely to its respective Committed Share of the Commitment), as such amount may be further reduced from time to time or terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. "Consolidated Available Earnings" shall mean, for any period, the sum of (a) the Consolidated EBIT of the Borrowers for such period, plus (b) the consolidated depreciation and amortization of the Borrowers included in such Consolidated EBIT for such period, including (without limitation) the amortization of goodwill and other non-cash charges, and minus (c) the aggregate capital expenditures of the Borrowers during such period (excluding (i) capital expenditures funded with Other Debt, and (ii) up to $6,000,000.00 in aggregate capital expenditures of the Borrowers on the Pearl River Project prior to December 31, 1998, but only if the Pearl River Financing L/C Commitment is in effect by no later than June 30, 1998), all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. "Consolidated Quick Ratio" shall mean, as at any date of determination, the ratio of (a) the unencumbered consolidated current assets of the Borrowers at such date consisting of cash, marketable securities, accounts receivable, Eligible Lucent Inventory and raw gold inventory (treating as unencumbered for this purpose those assets and properties that are subject only to the security interests of the Administrator for the benefit of all of the Banks), to (b) the consolidated current liabilities of the Borrowers at such date (excluding from current liabilities for this purpose the current portion of long term debt), all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. "Loan" and "Loans" shall respectively mean any and all principal amounts outstanding from time to time (including future advances) in respect of the Revolving Credit Loans, the Letter of Credit Advances and all other amounts advanced from time to time to or on behalf of any one or more of the Borrowers by the Administrator, the Banks or their respective designees pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Instrument. "Maturity Date" shall mean the earliest of (a) March 31, 2001, with respect to the Revolving Credit Loans and all other Obligations, (b) with respect to the Revolving Credit Loans, the date on which the Commitment shall have been reduced permanently to zero, and (c) with respect to all Obligations the date on which the maturity of the Obligations shall have been accelerated pursuant to Section 8.02 hereof. "Note" and "Notes" shall respectively mean any one or more of the Revolving Credit Notes. "Obligations" as of any date shall mean the Borrowers' obligation (i) to repay the balance of the Loans then outstanding, including accrued and unpaid interest thereon (including, without limitation, any and all interest and other amounts accrued during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceedings, irrespective of  whether such interest and other amounts are allowed or allowable as claims in such proceedings), (ii) to pay or otherwise satisfy all of the other amounts to be paid and obligations to be performed or otherwise satisfied by the Borrowers (whether jointly or severally) under this Agreement and the other Loan Instruments, (iii) to pay or otherwise perform or satisfy all of the other amounts to be paid and obligations to be performed or otherwise satisfied by any Borrower under any interest rate protection, foreign currency exchange, or other interest or exchange rate swap or hedging agreement or arrangement with either Bank or any of their respective affiliates, and (iv) to pay or otherwise satisfy any and all overdrafts of the Borrower honored by either Bank (in its sole and absolute discretion). "Other Debt" shall mean (a) purchase money indebtedness incurred in the purchase of equipment in the ordinary course of business so long as each is secured only by the equipment purchased (excluding any Loans used for such purposes), (b) indebtedness secured by equipment and similar tangible assets and properties (other than Collateral) refinanced in the ordinary course of business so long as the net book value of the assets and properties so pledged does not exceed 200% of the amount of such indebtedness, and (c) obligations arising under leases, whether or not constituting indebtedness under GAAP, excluding, however, (i) leases (A) of real property or (B) having aggregate rental payments for the initial term (discounted to present value) of less than $100,000 for any lease (with multiple equipment schedules constituting a single lease) or series of related leases, (ii) any refinancing of any Lucent Equipment Financing permitted under Section 6.02(a) hereof, and (iii) the Pearl River Financing in an amount not to exceed $8,630,000.00 pursuant to approved Pearl River Financing Documents. "Plainview Mortgage" shall mean the Mortgage, Assignment of Rents and Security Agreement dated as of April 30, 1998, from Aeroflex, as mortgagor, to the Plainview Mortgage Administrator, as mortgagee (for the benefit of all of the Plainview Mortgage Banks), respecting Aeroflex's Plainview facility, as the same may be supplemented, modified, amended or restated from time to time in the manner provided therein. "Revolving Credit Note" and "Revolving Credit Notes" shall respectively mean any one or more of the Fourth Amended and Restated Revolving Promissory Notes dated as of April 30, 1998, issued by the Borrowers severally to each of the Banks to evidence its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Credit Loans (as referenced in Section 2.03(a) hereof), as each may be modified, amended or restated from time to time in the manner provided therein. "Revolving Credit Period" shall mean that period commencing on the Effective Date and terminating on the earlier of (a) March 31, 2001, or (b) the Maturity Date. (B) In Section 1.01 of the Existing Loan Agreement, the following new definitions of "Eligible Lucent Inventory", "Pearl River Financing", "Pearl River Financing Authority", "Pearl River Financing Document" and "Pearl River Financing Documents", "Pearl River Financing L/C", "Pearl River Financing L/C Commitment", "Pearl River Project", "Plainview Mortgage Administrator", "Plainview Mortgage Agreement", "Plainview Mortgage Banks", "Plainview Mortgage Loans", "Plainview Mortgage Loan Document" and "Plainview Mortgage Loan Documents", "Plainview Mortgage Note" and "Plainview Mortgage Notes", "Second Loan Amendment", "Third Restated Revolving Note" and "Third Restated Revolving Notes", and "Year 2000 Compatible" are hereby inserted in their respective proper alphabetical positions without the deletion or modification of any other material: "Eligible Lucent Inventory" shall mean all Eligible Inventory consisting of finished goods manufactured pursuant to the Lucent Supply Agreement. "Pearl River Financing" shall mean the industrial development bond financing to MIC from the Pearl River Financing Authority secured by a mortgage on the Pearl River Project and secured and enhanced by the Pearl River Financing L/C. "Pearl River Financing Authority" shall mean the County of Rockland (New York) Industrial Development Agency or any successor. "Pearl River Financing Document" and "Pearl River Financing Documents" shall respectively mean any one or more of the bonds issued to evidence and bond purchase agreement, indenture and other agreements executed to govern the Pearl River Project Financing, the mortgages encumbering the Pearl River Project executed by MIC to support the Pearl River Financing and/or the Pearl River L/C, the Pearl River Financing L/C Commitment, the Pearl  River Financing L/C and related application(s) and reimbursement agreement(s), and the guaranties executed by Aeroflex respecting the Pearl River Financing or Pearl River Financing L/C, and any and all waivers, consents, agreements, instruments and other documents executed by the requisite person(s) pursuant to or in connection with any of the foregoing; in each case whether now or hereafter existing, and as each may be supplemented, modified, amended or restated from time to time. "Pearl River Financing L/C" shall mean the letter(s) of credit issued by the institutional lender(s) to support the Pearl River Financing, as the same may be supplemented, modified, amended, restated or replaced from time to time in the manner provided therein. "Pearl River Financing L/C Commitment" shall mean the commitment letter issued by an institutional lender to MIC committing to provide a Pearl River Financing L/C in an aggregate face amount of not less than U.S.$5,000,000. "Pearl River Project" shall mean the acquisition and improvement of MIC's facility in Pearl River, New York (which MIC currently rents). "Plainview Mortgage Administrator" shall mean the "Administrator" under (and as defined in) the Plainview Mortgage Agreement. "Plainview Mortgage Agreement" shall mean the Mortgage Loan Agreement among Aeroflex, the Plainview Mortgage Banks and the Plainview Mortgage Administrator to be dated as of April 30, 1998 (or such other date as may be chosen by the parties thereunder), together with all schedules and exhibits thereto, as the same may be supplemented, modified, amended or restated from time to time in the manner provided therein . "Plainview Mortgage Banks" shall mean the "Banks" under (and as defined in) the Plainview Mortgage Agreement. "Plainview Mortgage Loans" shall mean any and all principal amounts of the "Term Loans" outstanding under (and as defined in) the Plainview Mortgage Agreement from time to time (including future advances) and all other amounts advanced from time to time to or on behalf of any one or more of the Borrowers by the Plainview Mortgage Administrator, the Plainview Mortgage Banks or their respective designees pursuant to the Plainview Mortgage Agreement or any other Plainview Mortgage Loan Document. "Plainview Mortgage Loan Document" and "Plainview Mortgage Loan Documents" shall respectively mean any one or more of the Plainview Mortgage Agreement, the Plainview Mortgage Notes, the Plainview Mortgage, and the various other mortgages, assignments, instruments and other documents creating or evidencing any interest of the Administrator or any other Bank in any collateral securing or intended to secure anyone's obligations under any of the foregoing, and all waivers, consents, agreements, reports, statements, certificates, schedules and other documents executed by the requisite person(s) pursuant to or in connection with any of the foregoing and accepted or delivered by the Plainview Mortgage Administrator (with the consent of the "Requisite Banks" thereunder, as and if required) (whether prior to, on or from time to time after the "Effective Date" thereunder), as each may be supplemented, modified, amended or restated from time to time in the manner provided therein. "Plainview Mortgage Note" and "Plainview Mortgage Notes" shall respectively mean any one or more of the Mortgage Notes dated as of April 30, 1998, issued by Aeroflex severally to each of the Plainview Mortgage Banks to evidence its "Pro Rata Share" of the Plainview Mortgage Loans (as referenced in the Plainview Mortgage Agreement, as each may be modified, amended or restated from time to time in the manner provided therein. "Second Loan Amendment" shall mean the Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of April 30, 1998, between the Borrower and the Bank.  "Third Restated Revolving Note" and "Third Restated Revolving Notes" shall respectively mean any one or more of the Third Amended and Restated Revolving Promissory Notes dated as of March 15, 1996, issued by the Borrowers severally (i) to Chase in the original principal amount of U.S.$8,800,000.00, and (ii) to Fleet in the original principal amount of U.S.$13,200,000.00, which notes were issued to amend, extend, restate and completely replace the Existing Revolving Notes. "Year 2000 Compatible" shall mean that the referenced computer or other hardware or software of the reference person (a) will not malfunction, cease to function, generate incorrect date dependent or related data or produce incorrect results on or after January 1, 2000 or 2001, (b) applies formulae, calculates, displays, exports, imports, manages, manipulates, operates, provides, processes, recognizes, sorts, and stores all dates and date dependent or related user or interface data, fields, functionalities and values (i) in four-digit year date format (whether "date" or "year" data field or otherwise), (ii) that properly, fully and correctly identifies any year (including, without limitation, the century thereof) and computes any period, value or result (including, without limitation, those spanning the end of any century or millennium), and (iii) without any error, in each case (A) without the necessity of any human intervention or system modification and (B) whether such dates occur on or after January 1, 2000 or 2001, and whether or not such dates are intermixed with or compared to (in calculations or otherwise) dates occurring in the years of or before 1999 or 1899, and (c) will properly interface with other hardware and software of the referenced person without rendering any of them less Year 2000 Compatible or otherwise less functional. (B) In Section 1.01 of the Existing Loan Agreement, the definitions of "Applicable Commitment Fee Rate", "Term Loan", "Term Loans", "Term Note", and "Term Notes" are hereby deleted in their entirety. (C) The text of Section 2.02 of the Existing Loan Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the phrase [Intentionally Deleted Pursuant to the Second Loan Amendment]. (D) In Section 2.03 of the Existing Loan Agreement, subsections (a), (b), and (c) are hereby deleted in their entirety, and the following new subsections are hereby inserted in their respective places: (a) The obligation of the Borrowers to repay the Revolving Credit Loans, together with interest thereon, shall be evidenced by a Fourth Amended and Restated Revolving Promissory Note issued by the Borrowers to each Bank in the form of Exhibit A to the Second Loan Amendment in the amount of such Bank's Committed Share of the Commitment and dated as of April 30, 1998. (b) [Intentionally Deleted Pursuant to the Second Loan Amendment] (c) The Revolving Credit Notes have been issued to amend, extend, restate and completely replace the Third Restated Revolving Notes, to evidence all amounts outstanding under the Third Restated Revolving Notes, all amounts outstanding under the former Term Loans as converted to Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to Section 1(E) of the Second Loan Amendment, and to evidence any further advances or readvances of the Revolving Credit Loans. Although issued in substitution for and restatement and replacement of the Third Restated Revolving Notes, the Revolving Credit Notes shall not be deemed to have been issued in payment, satisfaction, cancellation or novation of the Third Restated Revolving Notes. The Banks shall be entitled to retain the Third Restated Revolving Notes until all of the Obligations have been fully paid and satisfied, after which time the Third Restated Revolving Notes shall be returned to the Borrower at the same time as the Revolving Credit Notes, unless some other time or manner of delivery shall be provided by any other written agreement between the Borrower and the Banks. Promptly following the Effective Date, each Bank shall legend the Third Restated Revolving Note issued to it as follows: "This Note is one of the Third Restated Revolving Notes that has been superseded by the Fourth Amended and Restated Revolving Promissory Notes of the Borrowers dated as of March 31, 1998, which amended, restated and completely replaced this Note and the other Third Restated Revolving Notes and evidences the indebtedness formerly evidenced by this Note and the other Third Restated Revolving Notes, but which shall not be deemed or construed to be issued in payment, satisfaction, cancellation or novation of this Note or any other Third Restated Revolving Notes. Reference should be made to such new Notes for all purposes, as the terms and provisions of this Note have no further independent force or effect."  (E) The $4,720,000.00 in Term Loans outstanding on April 30, 1998, are hereby converted into Revolving Credit Loans ($2,832,000.00 from Fleet and $1,888,000.00 from Chase), to be evidenced by the Revolving Credit Notes and governed as Revolving Credit Loans by the Loan Agreement and other Loan Instruments. There will be no further Term Loans under the Loan Agreement. In addition, the Banks have agreed to eliminate certain mandatory prepayments of the Revolving Credit Loans, effective as of April 30, 1998. Accordingly, in Section 2.05 of the Existing Loan Agreement, subsections (d), (e) and (f) are hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced with the phrase [Intentionally Deleted Pursuant to the Second Loan Amendment]. (F) In Section 2.05 of the Existing Loan Agreement, subsection (c) is hereby deleted in its entirety, and the following new subsection is hereby inserted in its place: (c) The Borrowers shall repay the principal balances then outstanding under the Revolving Credit Loans in full on the Maturity Date. (G) In Section 2.06 of the Existing Loan Agreement, subsection (a) is hereby deleted in its entirety, and the following new subsection is hereby inserted in its place: (a) The Borrowers shall pay to the Banks sharing in the Revolving Credit Loans on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December of each year during the Revolving Credit Period, and on the last day of the Revolving Credit Period, in arrears, a fee (computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a year of 360 days) respecting the availability of the Commitment (the "Commitment Fee") equal to (i) the Applicable Commitment Fee Rate per annum prior to April 1, 1998, and (ii) one quarter of one percent (0.25%) per annum thereafter, of the average daily unadvanced portion of the Commitment during the then most recently concluded calendar quarter or portion thereof (with the Letters of Credit Amount being considered an advance under the Commitment); provided, however, that in making any such calculation the first $4,720,000.00 in Revolving Credit Loans shall be treated as "unadvanced" (even though actually outstanding) until such time as those Loans (which were the former "Term Loans") have been repaid in full with the proceeds of the Plainview Mortgage Loans. (H) Effective as of March 19, 1998, in Section 2.07 of the Existing Loan Agreement, subsections (a) and (e) are hereby deleted in their entirety and the following new subsections are hereby inserted in their respective places: (a) Upon the terms and provisions and subject to the conditions contained in this Agreement, in lieu of a cash advance under the Commitment the Administrator (the "Fronting Bank") in its discretion may issue or cause the issuance of Letters of Credit from time to time upon the request of the Borrowers up to a cumulative maximum face amount (whether or not advanced) not to exceed $3,000,000.00 in order to secure the debts or obligations of the Borrowers; provided that the Fronting Bank's agreement to consider the issuance of Letters of Credit shall terminate on the first to occur of the Maturity Date and the expiration of the Revolving Credit Period; and provided further that the Fronting Bank shall not consider the issuance of any Letter of Credit if (to the actual knowledge of the Fronting Bank) the face amount of the Letter of Credit to be issued plus the sum of the Letters of Credit Amount and the principal balance outstanding under the Revolving Credit Loans together would exceed the lesser of the Commitment or the Borrowing Base. (e) The Borrowers shall pay to the Administrator (for the benefit of all of the Banks) on each of the anniversaries of the issuance of each outstanding Letter of Credit, in advance, a fee respecting each Letter of Credit (the "Letter of Credit Fee") for the year commencing with that date (computed on the basis of the actual number of days in such year and a year of 360 days) equal to (i) two percent (2%) per annum prior to March 19, 1998, and (ii) one and one-half percent (1.50%) per annum thereafter, of the unadvanced face amount thereof, with such amount being determined as of the Business Day immediately preceding the quarterly payment date; provided that the Borrowers shall pay that fee on the Issuance Date, in advance, for the forthcoming year; and provided further that the minimum fee for any Letter of Credit shall be the greater of (i) one-half percent (0.50%) of the face amount or (ii) $1,000.00, irrespective of any smaller amount or  shorter expiry. The Borrowers also shall pay to the Fronting Bank any and all customary fees (other than the Letter of Credit Fee), commissions and/or charges of the Fronting Bank for any increase, extension, renewal, amendment or transfer of the Letter of Credit. The Borrowers also shall pay to the Fronting Bank any fees or other charges of any other issuer or any participant, correspondent, confirming bank, custodian or designee of the Fronting Bank or other issuer involved with the Letter of Credit. (I) In Section 3.05 of the Existing Loan Agreement, the following new sentence is hereby inserted at the conclusion thereof without the deletion or modification of any other material. All of the computer and other hardware and software of owned or used by the Borrowers, and to the knowledge of the Borrowers (after due inquire) all persons furnishing any material accounting, portfolio, payroll or other services to or on behalf of any Borrower utilizing computer and other hardware and software in the provision of such services, (1) are Year 2000 Compatible or (2) will be Year 2000 Compatible by no later than June 30, 1999, through expenditures that would not reasonably be likely to be material in the aggregate or result in any Event of Default. (J) In Section 5.02 of the Existing Loan Agreement, subsection (f) is hereby deleted in its entirety, and the following new subsection is hereby inserted in its place: (f) as soon as available, and in any event within 25 days after the end of each calendar quarter if the Loans do not exceed $5,000,000.00, or within 25 days after the end of each calendar month if the Loans equal or exceed $5,000,000.00, (i) an operating statement for the month and year-to-date just ended, compared to budget (which may be delivered within 45 days after the end of any fiscal quarter instead of within 25 days), (ii) a receivables aging with respect to the month (as applicable) just ended, and (iii) a Borrowing Base Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D-II hereto setting forth the Borrowing Base as at the end of such month, provided that the Borrowing Base Certificate may be requested as frequently as weekly or monthly, with each of the foregoing being certified by the President and the chief financial officer of Aeroflex (who shall have read this Agreement and made an examination sufficient in the opinion of the signers to make informed statements therein); (K) In Section 5.02 of the Existing Loan Agreement, subsection (i) is hereby deleted in its entirety, and the following new subsection is hereby inserted in its place: (i) as soon as available, and in any event within 90 days after the commencement of each fiscal year of the Borrowers, a consolidated and consolidating annual budget and projections for the Borrowers for the forthcoming fiscal year (projected quarterly), including consolidated and consolidating cash flows of the Borrowers projected quarterly, certified by the chief financial officer of Aeroflex; (L) In Section 6.01 of the Existing Loan Agreement, subsections (b), (e) and (g) are hereby deleted in their entirety, and the following new sections are hereby inserted in their respective places: (b) The Borrowers shall not cause, suffer or permit their Consolidated Effective Leverage Ratio to exceed: (i) 2.00:1 at the Effective Date, or at any time thereafter through June 29, 1999, and (ii) 1.75:1 at June 30, 1999, or at any time thereafter. (e) The Borrowers shall not permit their Consolidated Quick Ratio to be less than 1.00:1 at any time. (g) The Borrowers shall not directly or indirectly make, incur or permit their consolidated capital expenditures to exceed: (i) $7,500,000.00 for their fiscal year ending June 30, 1997; (ii) $9,500,000.00 (exclusive of up to $4,500,000.00 in capital expenditures related to the Lucent Transactions) for their fiscal year ending June 30, 1998; and (iii) $7,500,000.00 for any fiscal year thereafter; all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided, however, that the Borrowers may incur up to $6,000,000.00 in total additional capital expenditures for the Pearl River Project so long as the Pearl River  Financing L/C Commitment is in effect by June 30, 1998, which permitted total additional capital expenditures may be incurred in (and apportioned among) their fiscal years ending June 30, 1998, and 1999. (M) In section 6.02 of the Existing Loan Agreement, subsection (a) is hereby deleted in its entirety, and the following new subsection is hereby inserted in its respective place: (a) No Borrower shall directly or indirectly create, incur, assume, permit to exist, increase, renew or extend any indebtedness on its part, including commitments, lines of credit and other credit availabilities, or apply for or offer or agree to do any of the foregoing, except that the Borrowers may incur or permit to exist: (i) indebtedness owed to the Administrator or the Banks under any of the Loan Instruments; (ii) indebtedness incurred as permitted as Other Debt under subsection (b) of this Section, provided that the Borrowers may continue such indebtedness, but without any increase, once incurred as so permitted; (iii) loans or advances from one Borrower to another Borrower; (iv) the indebtedness outstanding under the Debentures, the Plainview Bond Documents and the Equipment Finance Documents, including any renewal or extension thereof, but excluding any increase therein; (v) any indebtedness incurred under any new Subordinated Debt Documents approved by the Majority Banks as provided in Section 6.13 hereof so long as no Event of Default or Default then exists or would result therefrom, with the various financial measurements and covenants set forth in Section 6.01 of this Agreement being recalculated on a pro forma basis (from the then most recent quarterly or subsequent pro forma calculations) to include the effects of the proposed subordinated indebtedness, provided that the Borrowers may continue such indebtedness, but without any increase, once incurred as so permitted; (vi) any indebtedness incurred under any new Pearl River Financing Documents approved by the Majority Banks as provided in Section 6.16 hereof so long as no Event of Default or Default then exists or would result therefrom, with th  e various financial measurements and covenants set forth in Section 6.01 of this Agreement being recalculated on a pro forma basis (from the then most recent quarterly or subsequent pro forma calculations) to include the effects of the proposed Pearl River Financing; provided that the Borrowers may continue such indebtedness, but without any increase, once incurred as so permitted; (vii) the Plainview Mortgage Loan; and (viii) the existing indebtedness listed in Schedule 3.09(a) hereto, including any renewal or extension thereof, but excluding any increase therein or the continuation of any indebtedness being retired with the proceeds of the Loans. (N) In section 6.03 of the Existing Loan Agreement, subsection (a) is hereby deleted in its entirety, and the following new subsection is hereby inserted in its respective place: Section 6.03. Guaranties. No Borrower shall directly or indirectly make, create, incur, assume, permit to exist, increase, renew or extend any guaranty on its part of any indebtedness or other obligation of any other person, or offer or agree to do so, except for: (a) any guaranty of indebtedness or other obligations owed to the Administrator or the Banks under any of the Loan Instruments; (b) those guaranties listed in Schedule 3.09(b) hereto, excluding, however, any increase therein or renewal or extension thereof; (c) the guaranties under the Equipment Finance Documents, including any renewal or extension thereof, but excluding any increase in the guarantied obligations; (d) any guaranty by any Borrower of the Pearl River Financing permitted under Section 6.16 hereof; (e) the endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of each Borrower's business; or (f) any guaranty of the indebtedness or other obligations of any Borrower if the guarantor thereof would have been permitted to have incurred the indebtedness or other obligation directly and transferred the proceeds or other assets and properties to such Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Instruments. (O) In Article VI of the Existing Loan Agreement, the following new Section is hereby inserted at the conclusion thereof without the deletion or modification of any material: Section 6.16. Modification of the Pearl River Financing Documents, Etc. No Borrower shall directly or indirectly enter into any original or new Pearl River Financing Document, or agree to, or cause, suffer or permit, any supplement to or any waiver (of its rights), modification, amendment or restatement of any term or provision of any Pearl River Financing Document from those approved by the Banks, or offer or agree to do any of the foregoing, without the prior written consent of the Majority Banks; provided that the Majority Banks shall not unreasonably withhold their consent respecting any new Pearl River Financing Documents for new  indebtedness. The inclusion of supplements, modifications, restatements and the like in the various definitions of the Pearl River Financing Documents is not intended, and shall not be deemed or construed, to be permission for or acceptance of any of the foregoing by the Majority Banks. In any event (without limiting the discretion of any Bank), (i) no Borrower shall cause, suffer or permit any of the obligations of any Borrower under any Pearl River Financing Document (A) to prohibit or restrict access by the Administrator to any Collateral located at the Pearl River Project, which access shall be confirmed by the lender(s) thereunder, (B) to be secured by or place any restrictions on the removal of any Collateral, or (C) to be supported by any guaranty from Aeroflex or any other Borrower that is secured or less than fully subordinated (in the judgment of the Majority Banks) to the prior payment and satisfaction of the Obligations, (ii) the Pearl River Financing Documents shall provide for (A) notice of any default thereunder to the Banks, (B) an opportunity during the 30-day period following receipt of such notice to voluntarily cure such default (in the discretion of the Banks), and (C) the other rights and remedies customarily afforded a senior lender, (iii) the Pearl River Financing shall provide for bond financing of at least 10 years at commercially prevailing industrial development bond rates, with funding subject only to the execution and delivery of a "first mortgage" (subject to the normal non-debt encumbrances), the issuance and delivery of the Pearl River Financing L/C and the other usual mortgage loan conditions precedent, and (iv) the Pearl River Financing L/C Commitment shall provide for a standby letter of credit of not less than $5,000,000.00 in aggregate face amount that will not expire for at least two years after issuance, with issuance subject only to the execution and delivery of the usual application(s) and reimbursement agreement(s) and the "second mortgage" (if any) securing MIC's reimbursement obligations and the other usual closing conditions. (N) In section 8.01 of the Existing Loan Agreement, subsection (f) is hereby deleted in its entirety, and the following new subsection is hereby inserted in its place: (f) any "Event of Default" shall occur under (and as defined in) the Plainview Mortgage Agreement, Plainview Mortgage Notes or Plainview Mortgage, whether in whole or in part, or any principal payment thereunder (in whole or in part) shall be accelerated or otherwise become due or payable prior to the scheduled payment date; any "Event of Default" (or similarly defined term) shall occur under (and as defined in) any Pearl River Financing Document, whether in whole or in part, or any principal payment thereunder (in whole or in part) shall be accelerated or otherwise become due or payable prior to the scheduled payment date; or any "Event of Default", whether in whole or in part, shall occur under (and as defined in) the Indenture or any other Subordinated Debt Document, or any principal payment (in whole or in part) under any Subordinated Debt Document shall be accelerated or otherwise become due or prepayable (whether directly or through any trust deposit) prior to the scheduled payment date (including, without limitation, the imposition or inception of any obligation to make any payment of "Accelerated Redemption Obligations" under (and as defined in) Section 3.07 of the Indenture or make any deposit under Section 4.10 of the Indenture); Section 2. Acknowledgment of Outstanding Loans. The Borrowers hereby jointly and severally acknowledge, certify and agree that: (a) pursuant to the Existing Loan Agreement, the Banks have made loans on a term basis to the Borrowers, none of which are outstanding as of the date of this Amendment after the conversion made in Section 1(E), and the Banks have made Revolving Credit Loans to the Borrowers that are outstanding as of the date of this Amendment in the aggregate principal amount of $4,720,000.00 (after such conversion); and (b) the obligations of the Borrowers to repay those loans (with interest) to the Bank and to perform or otherwise satisfy its other Obligations, as well as the security interests in the Collateral granted by the Borrowers to the Administrator (for the benefit of all of the Banks), under the Existing Loan Agreement and other Loan Instruments (i) each remain and shall continue in full force and effect, both before and after giving effect to this Amendment, (ii) are not subject as of the date of this Amendment to any defense, counterclaim, setoff, right of recoupment, abatement, reduction or other claim or determination, and (iii) are and shall continue to be governed by the terms and provisions of the Existing Loan Agreement and other Loan Instruments as supplemented, modified and amended by this Amendment. Section 3. Bringdown of Representations, Etc. As of the date of this Amendment, both prior to and after giving effect to any requested Advance in connection herewith and the provisions of this Amendment: (a) the representations and warranties of each of the Borrowers set forth in the Agreement and other Loan Instruments (as to any Advance Date and Letter of Credit Issuance Date are true and correct in all material respects with the same effect as though those representations and warranties had been made on and as of the date hereof, subject, however, to any updated information respecting any  event(s) occurring after the Effective Date affecting any of the representations contained in Sections 3.04, 3.06 and 3.11 hereof and specifically disclosed in any signed notice or bringdown, indebtedness or guaranty certificate required hereunder and delivered to and accepted by the Administrator (with the consent of the Requisite Banks, as and if required) on or prior to the date hereof, although it is acknowledged and agreed that neither such delivery nor such acceptance shall constitute a waiver of or consent to any event so disclosed; (b) no Event of Default or Default has occurred and is continuing, excluding, however, those events subject to an express written waiver or consent from the Administrator (with the consent of the Requisite Banks, as and if required), if any; (c) the information set forth in the Secretary's or Officer's Certificate most recently delivered to the Administrator or the Banks respecting (among other things) the authorizing resolutions, organizational and governing documents and the incumbency of the officers of each of the Borrowers is true and complete in all material respects as if those certificates had been delivered on and as of the date hereof; (d) there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the best knowledge of the undersigned, threatened or contemplated by any person for the liquidation or dissolution of any Borrower or otherwise threatening their respective existences or challenging or calling into question the power or authority of any Borrower to execute or deliver any Loan Instrument to which it is or will be a party or to perform any of its obligations thereunder; and (e) the Obligations of the Borrowers under the Agreement, Note and other Loan Instruments (i) are not subject as of the date of this Certificate to any defense, counterclaim, setoff, right of recoupment, abatement, reduction or other claim or determination against the Administrator, any Bank or any other person and (ii) remain and are currently in full force and effect, enforceable against them in accordance with their respective terms and provisions. Section 4. Amendment Fee and Additional Documents. As a condition precedent to the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Borrowers: (a) shall pay an amendment fee of $12,000.00 to Fleet and $8,000.00 to Chase in respect of this Amendment; (b) shall cause the execution and delivery of this Amendment; and (c) shall deliver such other instruments and other documents (i) as may be required by this Amendment or listed in the final version of the Checklist of Closing Documents delivered to the Borrower on or before the date this Amendment becomes effective, and (ii) as the Administrator or the Banks may request to effect this Amendment. Each instrument and document shall be in such form and substance as may be acceptable to the Majority Banks in their discretion. Section 5. Counterparts. This Amendment may be signed in two or more counterpart copies of the entire document or of signature pages to the document, each of which may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto, but all of which, when taken together, shall constitute a single agreement binding upon all of the parties hereto. Section 6. Governing Law, Etc. This Amendment is a Loan Instrument and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the applicable terms and provisions of Articles VIII, IX and X of the Existing Loan Agreement as amended hereby, which terms and provisions are incorporated herein by reference. [END OF PAGE]  Section 7. Agreement to Continue as Amended. The Existing Loan Agreement and the other Loan Instruments, as supplemented, modified and amended by this Amendment, shall remain and continue in full force and effect after the date hereof. In Witness Whereof, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Amendment as of the date first written above. Aeroflex Incorporated (f/k/a ARX, Inc.) By: /s/ Charles T. Badlato Charles T. Badlato, Assistant Secretary Aeroflex Laboratories Incorporated By: /s/ Charles T. Badlato Charles T. Badlato, Assistant Secretary Aeroflex International Inc. By: /s/ Charles T. Badlato Charles T. Badlato, Assistant Secretary Aeroflex Lintek Corp. By: /s/ Charles T. Badlato Charles T. Badlato, Assistant Secretary Aeroflex Systems Corp. By: /s/ Charles T. Badlato Charles T. Badlato, Assistant Secretary Aeroflex Acquisition Corp. By: /s/ Charles T. Badlato Charles T. Badlato, Assistant Secretary Comstron International, S.A.R.L. By: /s/ Charles T. Badlato Charles T. Badlato, Assistant Secretary MIC Technology Corporation By: /s/ Charles T. Badlato Charles T. Badlato, Assistant Secretary [SIGNATURES CONTINUED]  MIC Technology S.A.R.L. By: /s/ Charles T. Badlato Charles T. Badlato, Assistant Secretary Vibration Mountings and Controls, Inc. By: /s/ Charles T. Badlato Charles T. Badlato, Assistant Secretary The Chase Manhattan Bank By: /s/ Barbara G. Bertschi Barbara G. Bertschi, Vice President Fleet Bank, N.A. By: /s/ Christopher Mendelsohn Christopher Mendelsohn, Vice President Fleet Bank, N.A., as Administrator By: /s/ Christopher Mendelsohn Christopher Mendelsohn, Vice President  STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this 17th day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Charles T. Badlato, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Assistant Secretary, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., Aeroflex Incorporated) executed the instrument. /s/ Catherine M. Menza Notary Public, State of New York STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this 17th day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Charles T. Badlato, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Assistant Secretary, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., Aeroflex Laboratories Incorporated) executed the instrument. /s/ Catherine M. Menza Notary Public, State of New York STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this 17th day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Charles T. Badlato, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Assistant Secretary, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., Aeroflex International Inc.) executed the instrument. /s/ Catherine M. Menza Notary Public, State of New York STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this 17th day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Charles T. Badlato, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Assistant Secretary, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., Aeroflex Lintek Corp.) executed the instrument. /s/ Catherine M. Menza Notary Public, State of New York  STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this 17th day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Charles T. Badlato, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Assistant Secretary, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., Aeroflex Systems Corp.) executed the instrument. /s/ Catherine M. Menza Notary Public, State of New York STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this 17th day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Charles T. Badlato, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Assistant Secretary, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., Aeroflex Acquisition Corp.) executed the instrument. /s/ Catherine M. Menza Notary Public, State of New York STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this 17th day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Charles T. Badlato, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Assistant Secretary, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., Comstron International, S.A.R.L.) executed the instrument. /s/ Catherine M. Menza Notary Public, State of New York STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this 17th day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Charles T. Badlato, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Assistant Secretary, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., MIC Technology Corporation) executed the instrument. /s/ Catherine M. Menza Notary Public, State of New York  STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this 17th day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Charles T. Badlato, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Assistant Secretary, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., MIC Technology S.A.R.L.) executed the instrument. /s/ Catherine M. Menza Notary Public, State of New York STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this 17th day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Charles T. Badlato, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Assistant Secretary, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., Vibration Mountings and Controls, Inc.) executed the instrument. /s/ Catherine M. Menza Notary Public, State of New York  STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this 15th day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Barbara G. Bertschi, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Vice President, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., The Chase Manhattan Bank) executed the instrument. /s/ John K. Budzyker Notary Public, State of New York STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this 16th day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Christopher Mendelsohn, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Vice President, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., Fleet Bank, N.A.) executed the instrument. /s/ Charlotte E. Moore Notary Public, State of New York STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this 16th day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Christopher Mendelsohn, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Vice President, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., Fleet Bank, N.A., as Administrator) executed the instrument. /s/ Charlotte E. Moore Notary Public, State of New York  EXHIBIT A TO SECOND AMENDMENT TO THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED REVOLVING PROMISSORY NOTE $___________ Jericho, New York Dated as of April 30, 1998 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Aeroflex Incorporated (f/k/a ARX, Inc.), Aeroflex Laboratories Incorporated, Aeroflex International Inc., Aeroflex Lintek Corp., Aeroflex Systems Corp., Aeroflex Acquisition Corp., Comstron International, S.A.R.L., MIC Technology Corporation, MIC Technology S.A.R.L. and Vibration Mountings and Controls, Inc. (individually, a "Borrower", and collectively, the "Borrowers"), jointly and severally promise to pay to the order of [NAME OF BANK], at [BANK ADDRESS], or at such other place as may be designated in writing by the holder of this Note, the principal sum of DOLLARS ($__________), or so much thereof as may be advanced and outstanding, with interest thereon, to be computed on each advance from the date of its disbursement, all as provided in that certain Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of March 15, 1996, among the Borrowers, Fleet Bank N.A., as Administrator (the "Administrator"), the holder of this Note and the other Banks identified therein (as the same may be supplemented, modified, amended or restated from time to time in the manner provided therein, the "Loan Agreement"). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this Note shall have the meanings respectively assigned to them in the Loan Agreement. This Note is one of the Revolving Credit Notes and one of the Notes referred to in the Loan Agreement. Principal and interest shall be due and payable as provided in the Loan Agreement, and all of the terms and provisions of the Loan Agreement, including (without limitation) provision for prepayment and acceleration of maturity, are incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof. This Note is secured by certain collateral pledged by the Borrowers to the Administrator pursuant to the Loan Agreement. This Note is one of the Revolving Credit Notes issued by the Borrowers in order to amend, extend and completely replace the Third Restated Revolving Credit Notes to evidence the indebtedness outstanding under the Third Restated Revolving Credit Notes and to be a substitute and replacement for the Third Restated Revolving Credit Notes, but the Revolving Credit Notes are not intended and shall not be deemed or construed to be a payment, satisfaction, cancellation or violation of such indebtedness. Presentment for payment, notice of dishonor, protest and notice of protest are hereby waived by each Borrower. This Note is made and delivered in the State of New York, where all advances and repayments shall be made, and shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the applicable laws pertaining in such State. This Note may not be changed or terminated orally, and in any event may not be changed without the written consent of the holder hereof. Aeroflex Incorporated (f/k/a ARX, Inc.) By:_________________________________________ Charles T. Badlato, Assistant Secretary Aeroflex Laboratories Incorporated By:_________________________________________ Charles T. Badlato, Assistant Secretary [SIGNATURES CONTINUED]  Aeroflex International Inc. By:_________________________________________ Charles T. Badlato, Assistant Secretary Aeroflex Lintek Corp. By:_________________________________________ Charles T. Badlato, Assistant Secretary Aeroflex Systems Corp. By:_________________________________________ Charles T. Badlato, Assistant Secretary Aeroflex Acquisition Corp. By:_________________________________________ Charles T. Badlato, Assistant Secretary Comstron International, S.A.R.L. By:_________________________________________ Charles T. Badlato, Assistant Secretary MIC Technology Corporation By:_________________________________________ Charles T. Badlato, Assistant Secretary MIC Technology S.A.R.L. By:_________________________________________ Charles T. Badlato, Assistant Secretary Vibration Mountings and Controls, Inc. By:_________________________________________ Charles T. Badlato, Assistant Secretary  STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this _____ day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Charles T. Badlato, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Assistant Secretary, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., Aeroflex Incorporated) executed the instrument. _____________________________________________ STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this _____ day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Charles T. Badlato, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Assistant Secretary, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., Aeroflex Laboratories Incorporated) executed the instrument. _____________________________________________ STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this _____ day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Charles T. Badlato, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Assistant Secretary, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., Aeroflex International Inc.) executed the instrument. _____________________________________________ STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this _____ day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Charles T. Badlato, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Assistant Secretary, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., Aeroflex Lintek Corp.) executed the instrument. _____________________________________________  STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this _____ day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Charles T. Badlato, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Assistant Secretary, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., Aeroflex Systems Corp.) executed the instrument. _____________________________________________ STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this _____ day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Charles T. Badlato, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Assistant Secretary, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., Aeroflex Acquisition Corp.) executed the instrument. _____________________________________________ STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this _____ day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Charles T. Badlato, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Assistant Secretary, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., Comstron International, S.A.R.L.) executed the instrument. _____________________________________________ STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this _____ day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Charles T. Badlato, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Assistant Secretary, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., MIC Technology Corporation) executed the instrument. _____________________________________________  STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this _____ day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Charles T. Badlato, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Assistant Secretary, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., MIC Technology S.A.R.L.) executed the instrument. _____________________________________________ STATE OF NEW YORK ) : ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On this _____ day of July in the year 1998 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Charles T. Badlato, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same in his/her capacity as Assistant Secretary, and that by his/her signature on the instrument, the person upon behalf of which the individual acted (i.e., Vibration Mountings and Controls, Inc.) executed the instrument. _____________________________________________  EX-10.11 4  Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement This Amendment No. 2 dated as of July 1, 1998 to the Employment Agreement (the "Employment Agreement") dated as of July 1, 1994 between Aeroflex Incorporated, a Delaware corporation, with its principal office located at 35 South Service Road, Plainview, NY 11803 (the "Company") and Harvey R. Blau, who resides at 125 Wheatley Road, Old Westbury, NY 11568 (the "Executive"). WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive entered into the Employment Agreement and now desire to modify certain of the terms and provisions thereof; NOW, THEREFORE, it is agreed as follows: 1. The Employment Agreement is hereby amended as follows: (a) Section 3(a) of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended and restated as follows: "(a)The Executive shall receive from the Company an initial annual Base Salary, payable in accordance with the regular payroll practices of the Company, of $275,000. During the Term of Employment, the Compensation Committee shall review the Base Salary no less often than annually for increase as of each July 1 beginning with July 1, 1998; provided, however, that increases shall not be less than the increases in the Consumer Price Index for the New York and Northeastern New Jersey Region, as published by the United States Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics using June 1998 as the basedate, determined and payable as provided in Section 3(b) below." 2. All capitalized terms used herein, unless otherwise defined herein, are used herein as defined in the Employment Agreement. Except as expressly provided herein, all terms and provisions of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have hereunto set their hands as of the date first above written. AEROFLEX INCORPORATED By: /s/ Charles Badlato --------------------------- Name: Charles Badlato Title: Treasurer /s/ Harvey R. Blau --------------------------- Harvey R. Blau  EX-10.12 5  Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement This Amendment No. 2 dated as of July 1, 1998 to the Employment Agreement (the "Employment Agreement") dated as of July 1, 1994 between Aeroflex Incorporated, a Delaware corporation, with its principal office located at 35 South Service Road, Plainview, NY 11803 (the "Company") and Michael Gorin, who resides at 112B East Long Beach Road, Nissequogue, NY 11780 (the "Executive"). WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive entered into the Employment Agreement and now desire to modify certain of the terms and provisions thereof; NOW, THEREFORE, it is agreed as follows: 1. The Employment Agreement is hereby amended as follows: (a) Section 3(a) of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended and restated as follows: "(a)The Executive shall receive from the Company an initial annual Base Salary, payable in accordance with the regular payroll practices of the Company, of $350,000. During the Term of Employment, the Compensation Committee shall review the Base Salary no less often than annually for increase as of each July 1 beginning with July 1, 1998; provided, however, that increases shall not be less than the increases in the Consumer Price Index for the New York and Northeastern New Jersey Region, as published by the United States Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics using June 1998 as the basedate, determined and payable as provided in Section 3(b) below." 2. All capitalized terms used herein, unless otherwise defined herein, are used herein as defined in the Employment Agreement. Except as expressly provided herein, all terms and provisions of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have hereunto set their hands as of the date first above written. AEROFLEX INCORPORATED By: /s/ Charles Badlato --------------------------- Name: Charles Badlato Title: Treasurer /s/ Michael Gorin ---------------------------- Michael Gorin  EX-10.13 6  Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement This Amendment No. 2 dated as of July 1, 1998 to the Employment Agreement (the "Employment Agreement") dated as of July 1, 1994 between Aeroflex Incorporated, a Delaware corporation, with its principal office located at 35 South Service Road, Plainview, NY 11803 (the "Company") and Leonard Borow, who resides at 125 Rodeo Drive, Oyster Bay Cove, NY 11791 (the "Executive"). WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive entered into the Employment Agreement and now desire to modify certain of the terms and provisions thereof; NOW, THEREFORE, it is agreed as follows: 1. The Employment Agreement is hereby amended as follows: (a) Section 3(a) of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended and restated as follows: "(a)The Executive shall receive from the Company an initial annual Base Salary, payable in accordance with the regular payroll practices of the Company, of $350,000. During the Term of Employment, the Compensation Committee shall review the Base Salary no less often than annually for increase as of each July 1 beginning with July 1, 1998; provided, however, that increases shall not be less than the increases in the Consumer Price Index for the New York and Northeastern New Jersey Region, as published by the United States Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics using June 1998 as the basedate, determined and payable as provided in Section 3(b) below." 2. All capitalized terms used herein, unless otherwise defined herein, are used herein as defined in the Employment Agreement. Except as expressly provided herein, all terms and provisions of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have hereunto set their hands as of the date first above written. AEROFLEX INCORPORATED By: /s/ Charles Badlato --------------------------- Name: Charles Badlato Title: Treasurer /s/ Leonard Borow ----------------------------- Leonard Borow  EX-27 7  -----END PRIVACY- ENHANCED MESSAG  E-----  
